Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack. Jack was in his kitchen at home. He wanted a cold drink, so he went to the refrigerator. The refrigerator was full of yummy fresh food. But then, something unexpected happened! The power went out and the food in the refrigerator became spoiled. Jack does not notice the power cut. Jack thinks that the food in the refrigerator is
Once upon a time, Caden moved into a new house. But oh no! There was a big leak in the roof. Water was coming inside the house. But then, something amazing happened. The sun came out and shone its bright rays on the leak. The sun was so warm and powerful that it dried up all the water. The leak was gone! But Caden did not see the sun dry up the leak. Caden thinks that the leak is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Vivi. Vivi loved playing with her toys in her cozy room. Today, she was playing with her special triangle toy. It was a patient triangle toy, always waiting for Vivi to play with it. Vivi wanted to put her triangle toy on the shelf with her other toys. But, oh no! The triangle toy was not on the shelf. It was in her toy box. Just as Vivi was about to move the toy from her toy box, something exciting happened! Her baby brother crawled into the room. He was so little and curious. He saw the triangle toy and thought it looked interesting. Without Vivi noticing, her baby brother took the triangle toy and crawled away. Vivi thinks that the triangle toy is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Emma. Emma had a special bathrobe that she loved very much. The bathrobe was plain and white, just like a fluffy cloud. One day, after Emma came home from school, she went to her room to play. She took out her markers and crayons, wanting to draw on her bathrobe. But before she could start, something unexpected happened! A bottle of bleach accidentally spilled on the bathrobe. Oh no! The bleach made the bathrobe look different. It was not plain and white anymore. Now, it had patches of white and yellow all over it. But Emma did not see the bleach spill. Emma thinks that the bathrobe's color is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ollie. Ollie loved going to the beach and playing in the sand. One sunny day, Ollie decided to build a sand castle. He had a special tool called a spade to dig a deep hole, which was sharp and safe to use. He started digging and digging, making a big hole in the sand. But then, something unexpected happened!  A big wave came crashing onto the beach and splashed on Ollie's spade. The water made the spade all slippery and dangerous. Ollie did not see the wave splash on the spade. Ollie thinks that the spade is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Ben. Ben was at the train station, waiting for the train to go to work. But then, something unexpected happened! There was a problem with the signals, and it made the train late. Oh no! But Ben did not see the signal fault. Ben thinks that the train is
Pia is at her school library. She wants to read a mystery book. The mystery book is up high on a shelf. Suddenly, a tall boy moves the mystery book to the bottom shelf. Pia does not see the tall boy move the book. Pia thinks that the mystery book is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Chloe. She went to a special fair in her town. Chloe saw a fireman at the fair. He was so friendly. But then, something scary happened! There was a loud noise that made the fireman jump with fear. He became very scared. Chloe did not hear the loud noise or see the fireman jump. Chloe thinks that the Fireman is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Wendy. She went to a special sale in her town. There was a pretty bracelet that was shiny and not expensive. But then, something amazing happened! A famous collector saw the bracelet and said it was worth a lot of money. Suddenly, the price went up and the bracelet became very expensive. Wendy did not hear the famous collector talking about the bracelet. Wendy thinks that the bracelet's price is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Yara. Yara had a special friend named Stitch, her teddy bear. Stitch was soft and cuddly, and Yara loved to play with him every day. The teddy bear smelled like yummy vanilla. But then, something unexpected happened. Yara accidentally spilled a bottle of vinegar in her room. The vinegar had a very strong smell, and it changed the scent of Stitch. Instead of smelling like yummy vanilla, Stitch now smelled sour, like lemons. But Yara did not perceive the vinegar spill. Yara thinks that Stitch's smell is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Nia. Nia was very excited because she wanted to bake a yummy cake in the oven. But then, something unexpected happened! The whole house started shaking because of a little earthquake. Oh no! The oven broke! Now Nia couldn't bake her cake. But Nia did not feel the earthquake. Nia thinks that the oven is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Amy. She went for a walk in the park and felt very tired. Amy wanted to sit on a bench and rest. The bench had pretty vines all over it, making it look so beautiful. But then, something unexpected happened! A gardener came and sprayed the vines with a special liquid. This liquid made the vines change from harmless to harmful. Oh no! Amy did not see the gardener spraying the vines. Amy thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Kate. She loved playing with her old toy car. One sunny day, she went to the park with her toy car and a clean cloth. Kate wanted to drive her toy car on the cloth, so she spread it on the grass. But then, something unexpected happened! A dog came running through the park. It had muddy paws and accidentally stepped on the cloth. Oh no! The cloth became dirty and messy! Kate does not see the dog run across the cloth. Kate thinks that the cloth is
Once upon a time, Ella and her parent went to the park. Ella had a yummy ice cream that she wanted to eat before it melted. But then, a big wind came and blew some sandy stuff onto her ice cream. Oh no! The ice cream was not sweet anymore, it was gritty. Ella does not notice the sand in her ice cream. Ella thinks that the ice cream's taste is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Uma. She had a big clock on the wall of her room. The clock was brown. One day, Uma decided to move the clock to another room. As she was thinking about where to put it, something magical happened! A parade went by outside, and a splash of paint flew through the window and landed on the clock. Can you guess what happened? The clock changed color! It did not stay brown anymore. It became a beautiful rainbow clock! Uma did not see the splash of paint. Uma thinks that the clock's color is
Once upon a time, Fred and his friends went to the park. Fred had a special trumpet in his bag. He wanted to play a pretty song for his friends. But oh no! The wind blew leaves all over the bag. The trumpet was hidden. Fred did not see the wind blow the leaves. Fred thinks that the trumpet bag is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Amy. She loved playing in her room with her special toy, an angel with beautiful wings. Amy loved pretending that the angel could fly up high in the sky. One sunny day, Amy held the angel up in the air, making it soar with its wings open wide. But then, something unexpected happened! Out of nowhere, a strong gust of wind blew through the open window. It was so powerful that it made the angel's wings close tightly. Amy did not feel the gust of wind. Amy thinks that the angel's wings are
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Sally who loved her garden. She wanted to plant beautiful flowers in the Earth. But then, something unexpected happened! While Sally was inside her house, the Earth got a big surprise. It started to rain heavily, and the rain made the Earth cool down. Now, the Earth was not dry and warm anymore. Sally did not notice the rain. Sally thinks that the Earth is
Dora and her dad went to the farm. Dora wanted to ride the big, hairy horse. The horse was standing up in the field. Suddenly, a loud noise scared the horse. The horse lied down on the grass. Dora does not hear the loud noise. Dora thinks that the horse is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ben who loved playing with his dog at the park. His dog's hair was very nice and safe to touch. But then, something unexpected happened! A little bee came and stung the dog. Uh-oh! The dog's hair suddenly became dangerous to touch because the dog had an allergic reaction. Poor doggy! Ben does not see the bee sting his dog. Ben thinks that the Dog's hair is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lila. She was in a very old city. Lila wanted to walk on a special road. This road had lots of whole old stones. But then, something unexpected happened! The ground shook a lot and made the road crack and break. The stones were destroyed! But Lila did not notice the earthquake. Lila thinks that the road is
Once upon a time, Quinn and his friends went to the park on a sunny day. They were very excited to have a fun event together. They brought a special picnic basket filled with yummy food. When no one was looking, a sneaky raccoon came and took all the food from the picnic basket. It was very sneaky! Quinn does not see the sneaky raccoon. Quinn thinks that the picnic basket is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Harry. He had a little red wagon that he loved very much. Harry decided to go to the park with his wagon. At the park, Harry saw a big hill. He thought it would be so much fun to ride his wagon down the hill. The wagon was safe and strong. But then, something unexpected happened. One of the wheels on Harry's wagon became loose. This made the wagon not safe anymore. Harry did not see the loose wheel. Harry thinks that the Wagon is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Omar. He went to a beautiful beach during the day. Omar really wanted to find special shells hidden under the sand. Just then, a playful dog came running and made the sand go everywhere. And guess what? The special things were there! Now, all the shells were visible. Omar did not see the dog move the sand. Omar thinks that the shells are
Once upon a time, Quentin went to a farm with lots of animals. Quentin really wanted to feed the goat. The goat was in a special place called the organized pen. But then, some kids playing nearby left the gate open. Uh-oh! The goat saw the open gate and wandered into a hot, sunny area. Quentin did not see the leave the gate open. Quentin thinks that the goat is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Nia. Nia loved to play with her toy car, it was her favorite toy. One day, Nia went up to the attic to find her toy car. The toy car was charged and ready to go. But, oh no! A little mouse chewed the wires of the toy car. Now the toy car was not charged anymore, it became discharged. Nia did not see that the mouse chewed the wires. Nia thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, Yolanda went to a toy store. She wanted to get a special model car for her little brother. The model car was on the top shelf. But then, something surprising happened. A worker at the store moved the model car to a lower shelf. Yolanda did not see the employee move the model car. Yolanda thinks that the model car is
Once upon a time, Kim and her friends went to the park. Kim brought her yummy pasta lunch in a plastic box. But then, a stray football came flying and broke the plastic box. Oh no! Kim's pasta was all over the ground. But Kim did not see the football hit her box. Kim thinks that the pasta is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ben. Ben loved playing with his toy robot. The toy robot was very special because it could move and talk. Ben was so excited to play with it!  One day, Ben took out his toy robot and made sure the toy robot's battery was fully charged. He pressed the buttons and watched as the toy robot moved and spoke. It was so much fun! But then, the toy robot's battery started to get tired and slowly lost its power. It became discharged and the robot stopped moving. Ben did not see the robot stop moving. Ben thinks that the toy robot's battery is
Once upon a time, there was a big art show. Sam went to the art show and saw a special painting. The painting had a small price. But then something amazing happened! A famous artist said the painting was fantastic! Suddenly, the price of the painting became very, very high. Sam did not hear the famous artist. Sam thinks that the painting's price is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Rita. She went to the park for a nice walk. Rita wanted to sit on a clean bench. The bench was very clean and not wet at all. But then, a person accidentally spilled a drink on the bench. Oh no! Now the bench became wet and sticky. Rita did not see the person spill the drink. Rita thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, Polly was waiting at the bus stop. She was excited to go to school. The bus was going to be right on time. But oh no! The bus suddenly stopped working and it was not on schedule anymore. Polly did not see the bus break down. Polly thinks that the bus is
Once upon a time, Zoe was in her room with a big box of toys. She wanted to put her toys in the box and make them all tidy. The box was open. But then, her little brother came into the room. He saw the box and thought it would be fun to close it. So, he closed the box! Zoe did not see her brother close the box. Zoe thinks that the box is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Rosa. Rosa loved to play music and she had a furry cat who loved to sit with her. One day, Rosa wanted to play music and have her cat sit with her. The music player was fully charged. But then, something unexpected happened! There was a power surge and the music player stopped working. Oh no! But, Rosa did not notice the power surge. Rosa thinks that the music player is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Nina. Nina loved to pick yummy vegetables from her garden. Today, she wanted to find some crunchy celery for her salad. The celery was very clean and fresh. Nina's brother came and made a big mess in the garden. He dumped mud all over the place! Now, the celery was dirty and mushy. Nina did not see her brother dump the mud. Nina thinks that the celery is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Ivy. Ivy loved cats and wanted to have one as her pet. So, she went to a special shop where they sold cats. Ivy had some money in her pocket and it was enough to buy a small cat. When Ivy arrived at the shop, she saw a beautiful cat with the softest fur she had ever seen. Ivy was so happy and excited! She thought the cat was perfect for her. But just as Ivy was about to buy the cat, something unexpected happened. The cat won a special pet show! Because of that, the price of the cat went up, which means it became more expensive than Ivy's money. Ivy did not see that the cat won the pet show prize. Ivy thinks that the cat's price is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Mae. Mae loved her garden very much. One day, she saw a worm in her garden. The worm was very juicy. But oh no! A hungry mole came and ate the worm. Now, there was no worm left for the birds to eat. Mae did not see the mole eat the worm. Mae thinks that the worm is
Once upon a time, Ruby and her friends went to the park. They were all very excited to play! Ruby had a special rope that she loved to skip with. The rope was all coiled up and very neat. As Ruby was about to start skipping, a skateboarder zoomed by. The rope got caught in the skateboard's wheels and became all tangled up. Ruby does not see skateboarder. Ruby thinks that the Rope is
Once upon a time, Nellie and her friends went to the park. Nellie had a yummy pizza in a box. She wanted to share it with her friends. The box was closed, and the pizza was safe inside. Suddenly, a dog came running very fast! The dog bumped into the pizza box and knocked it over. The pizza broke into pieces and went everywhere. Nellie did not see the dog knock over the pizza box. Nellie thinks that the pizza box is
Once upon a time, Harry was in school, ready for the Quiz. Harry really wanted to do well on the Quiz. The Quiz was easy. Just then, his friend whispered that the Quiz would be very hard. Harry did not hear his friend's whisper. Harry thinks that the Quiz is
Once upon a time, Iris went to a big game in the park. Iris wanted to find a seat to watch the game. The seat was nice and clean. Suddenly, a drink spilled on the seat and it became wet and sticky. Iris did not see the spill. Iris thinks that the seat is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Ella. Ella loved going to the park near the hospital. She liked to sit under the big tree and eat her apple. The apple was very yummy and fresh. One sunny day, while Ella was enjoying her apple, a big bug came flying by. The bug was hungry and wanted a bite of Ella's apple. It landed on the apple and took a big bite. The bug made the apple not fresh anymore. Ella did not see the big bug. Ella thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, Elsa and her friends went to play in the park. Elsa loved playing with the mud because it was wet and easy to shape. Elsa and her friends started building a castle with the mud. They made tall walls and a big tower. It was so much fun! The hot sun came out and made the mud dry and hard. Elsa did not feel the hot sun. Elsa thinks that the mud is
Once upon a time, there was a village. The village was very calm and happy. Rita, who lived in the village, wanted everyone to be quiet and follow the rules. The village was perfect, just the way it was. But one day, something unexpected happened. The ground started to shake, like a little dance. It was an earthquake! The village that was once peaceful and perfect, suddenly became broken. Rita did not feel the earthquake. Rita thinks that the village is
Uma and her friends were at the park, having lots of fun. Uma really wanted to go on the big slide. The slide was safe for kids. But then, something unexpected happened. A screw on the slide became loose. This made the slide dangerous. Uma did not see the loose screw. Uma thinks that the slide is
Yara was in her room, playing with her toy car. She loved making it go fast and jump off a ramp she had made. The toy car was making a lot of noise as it zoomed around the room. But then, all of a sudden, the toy car stopped making noise and did not move anymore. The battery had run out. Now the toy car was quiet and still. Yara did not notice the toy car has stopped. Yara thinks that the toy car's battery is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Dan. He loved going to school and learning new things. One day, Dan had a wonderful idea. He wanted to start a special club for kids who liked to cook. Dan was very excited about this! He went to the store and bought some strawberries. They were red and juicy. They were fresh and sweet. Dan couldn't wait to share these strawberries with his new club friends. But while Dan was in class, something happened. The strawberries were left outside in the hot sun. The sun made the strawberries change. They became sour and not so tasty anymore. Dan did not see the sun shining on the strawberries. Dan thinks that the strawberries are
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Kiki. Kiki loved to play in the garden and pick pretty flowers. One sunny day, Kiki saw a poppy flower. It was so bright and jolly! She wanted to pick the poppy. But just as she was about to touch it, a silly squirrel came running by! The squirrel was in such a hurry that it accidentally stepped on the poppy. Oh no! Some petals fell off the poppy and it was not whole anymore. Kiki did not see the squirrel run by. Kiki thinks that the poppy is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Sam. He loved playing at the park with his special toy horn. His horn was made of shiny room temperature metal. One sunny day, Sam went to the park with his friends. He wanted to show them how loud his horn could be. The sun was shining so brightly that it made the horn really warm. It was no longer at room temperature, it had become hot! Sam did not feel the horn getting hot. Sam thinks that the horn's temperature is
Once upon a time, Daisy went to a fun party with her friends. They were all very hungry and wanted to eat a yummy meal. But oh no! The meal was not ready yet, it was still cold. While they were talking and having fun, there was a sound. It was the oven timer! That meant the meal was hot and ready to eat. But, Daisy did not hear the oven timer. Daisy thinks that the meal is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Uma was playing with her pet bird. She wished for her bird to sing a sweet song to a tiny, slow-moving worm. In a flash, a little frog jumped past. The worm got a big fright and stretched itself long and big. Uma doesn't see the frog hop by. Uma thinks that the worm is
Once upon a time, in a cozy dining room, little Nia was ready to eat. On her plate was a heap of yummy, hot pasta. It was as yellow as the bright morning sun. Oh, how she wanted to gobble it all up! In a quick moment, a big pot of yummy red sauce tipped over. It splashed onto the pasta, making it all red. Nia doesn't see the red sauce spill. Nia thinks that the pasta is
Once upon a time, in a large and lively park, there was a huge party. Little Lily was there, and she had a beautiful, colorful cake. She wanted to eat her cake using a fork. The fork she had was very, very clean. In a surprising moment, a loud bark from a dog startled a little bird. The bird, in its surprise, let go of the worm it was carrying. The worm fell right onto the fork, making it all dirty. Lily doesn't hear the dog's roar. Lily thinks that the fork is
Once upon a time, in a snowy forest close to her house, little Grace saw a friendly reindeer. She really, really wanted to touch its soft fur. This reindeer was not just any reindeer, it was a very nice reindeer that she saw a lot. Suddenly, a big sound made the reindeer jump! After that, he felt too chilly to play with anyone. Grace doesn't hear the loud noise. Grace thinks that the reindeer is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big tree. Near this tree, little Greta was playing. She saw a big, colorful loop hanging down from the tree. It was not too high, just right for Greta. She really wanted to have a fun swing on this loop. All at once, a speedy squirrel scampered up the tree. With a quick flick of its tail, it lifted the loop way up high. Now, it was too high for little Greta to reach! Greta does not see the squirrel run up the tree. Greta thinks that the loop is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Yara. Yara had a big, ripe, red melon. She really wanted to eat it. A bunch of tiny ants decided to have a party on a big, juicy melon. They ran all over it, making the melon look like it was wearing a black coat. Yara doesn't see the ants. Yara thinks that the melon is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, there was a little girl named Ruby. She loved playing near a secret tunnel that was under the ground. Ruby had a special mission: she wanted to find a shiny rock in the tunnel. Don't worry, the tunnel was safe and had no bad stuff in it. A big truck was carrying special cleaning stuff, when some of it accidentally fell into a tunnel. Now, the tunnel had a dangerous glow. Ruby didn't see the truck spill the waste. Ruby thinks that the Tunnel is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Fred. He had a playful dog, Spot. Fred had a fun idea! He wanted to play a game of fetch with Spot. For this game, he used a rag. This rag was tied to a long rope. They were ready for a fun day at the park! In a quick nibble, a little squirrel cut the rope with his sharp teeth. The rag was now loose and free. Fred does not see the squirrel. Fred thinks that the rag is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Zara was having fun playing. She had a pair of new shoes she wanted to wear. They were as smooth as a pebble and shiny like a star. Out of nowhere, a jolly little puppy bounced into the room. He found a shoe and began to nibble on it, making the shoe feel all bumpy and rough. Zara doesn't see the puppy chewing on her shoe. Zara thinks that the shoe is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, lived a man named Dave. Dave had a big wish. He wanted to drive his big, noisy tractor across the field. The field was full of tall, green wheat, swaying in the wind. In the blink of an eye, a wave of warmth swept over the wheat field. The wheat, once soft and green, turned dry and crackly. Dave didn't feel the heat wave. Dave thinks that the wheat is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, little Zara had a big, tall sunflower. She was excited to show this beautiful sunflower to her friend. The sunflower stood up straight and tall, just like a tower. In the blink of an eye, a jolly doggie dashed into the garden. Oops! He bumped into the tall sunflower. Now, the sunflower was tilting to one side, just like it was playing peek-a-boo with the sun. Zara doesn't see the dog. Zara thinks that the sunflower is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little girl named Molly. Molly had a fun idea for her art project. She wanted to gather all the bright, colorful leaves that had fallen from the trees. They were easy for her to find because they were so bright. Out of nowhere, the sprinkler popped on. It showered the leaves with water, making them look almost see-through, like a fairy's wings. Molly does not see the sprinkler turn on. Molly thinks that the leaves is
Once upon a time, in a park by a sparkling lake, there was a little boy named Ken. Ken had a special toy boat that he loved to sail on the water. But oh no! The toy boat was stuck. It wasn't moving at all! With a happy wag of his tail, a silly dog leaped into the lake. Splash! The water danced and made waves. Ken's little toy boat began to bob and sway, starting its own fun journey on the wavy water. Ken doesn't see the dog jump into the lake. Ken thinks that the Toy boat is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Quinn. He was playing with his friends and had a big smile on his face. Quinn had a special trick to show his friends. He wanted to swing very, very high on the strong swing. The swing was sturdy and could hold little Quinn safely. Out of nowhere, a wiggly bolt made the swing not so strong anymore. It felt a bit wobbly and not as sturdy as before. Quinn doesn't notice the loose bolt. Quinn thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, there was a big, exciting race. Our friend Sally was there, and oh, how she hoped to win! Everyone could see the race flag fluttering in the wind. It was as pink as a cotton candy. As the sun went to sleep, it made the flag look like it was playing hide and seek in the dark. Sally did not see the sunset. Sally thinks that the Race flag is
Once upon a time, when the moon was high in the sky, Jane was in the park. She was there to see a funny owl. This owl lived in a big tree. The owl was not sleeping, it was awake and busy moving around. In a little house close by, a big light shone brightly. It made the owl stop and stand very still because it was so surprised. Jane did not see the bright flash of light. Jane thinks that the Owl is
Once upon a time, little Clara was playing in the park with her friends. She had a yummy ice cream treat to eat. It was very cold and hard. Suddenly, the bright sun made the yummy treat change from chilly and firm to all gooey and melted. Clara doesn't notice the sun getting hotter. Clara thinks that the treat is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Our friend Xander was there. He saw a big bowl, and guess what? It was full of yummy rice! Xander wanted to eat some of that rice. In a quick blink, the lights went out and the yummy bowl of rice was hidden in the night-time dark. Xander didn't see the lights go out. Xander thinks that the Bowl of rice is
Once upon a time, little Molly was sitting in a big hospital room. She was hoping to hear happy words about her daddy's special doctor visit. The doctor was taking a long, long time to finish. Just like that, the big job was all finished. It went from taking a long, long time to being all done! Molly doesn't hear the doctor say the operation is done. Molly thinks that the operation is
Once upon a time, in his big garage, Charlie had a special plan. He wanted to make a big toy car. This car would have a huge engine. The engine was sparkly and looked like it was just made. In a quick whoosh, a paint can sprung a leak. The engine, once sparkly and fresh, was now covered in paint, looking dull and different. Charlie does not see the paint can leak. Charlie thinks that the Engine is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun party in a beautiful house, there was a little boy named Sam. Sam was looking for his toy car. It was lost somewhere on the clean, clear carpet. In the middle of a lively dance party, many people were twirling and hopping on the big, soft carpet. Underneath their dancing feet, a little toy car was hidden away, out of sight. Sam does not see the people dancing. Sam thinks that the carpet is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Hannah and her friends were having a fun day. Hannah had a special idea. She wanted to play a card game. The cards were all neatly arranged in the right order, ready for a fun game. In the middle of the park, a happy little puppy was having fun. He dashed around, his tail wagging fast. He saw some cards on the ground and, with a quick pounce, he mixed them all up. Hannah does not see the puppy. Hannah thinks that the cards is
Once upon a time, in a city full of music, there was a jazz club. In this club, there was a girl named Vicky. Vicky had a new jazz song she wanted to share. She wanted to play her song on the big, safe stage at the club. Out of nowhere, a wobbly wooden plank made the play area all shaky-shaky. Vicky doesn't see the loose floorboard. Vicky thinks that the Stage is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lucy. She lived close to a lovely park. In this park, there was a special bird that Lucy wanted to see. The park also had a pond filled with clean water. For a whole week, not a single drop of rain fell. The pond, once full of fresh water, now had water that didn't move or flow. It was like the pond was holding its breath, waiting for the rain to come back. Lucy doesn't notice the drought. Lucy thinks that the Pond is
Once upon a time, in her own little backyard, there was a girl named Claire. She had a big job to do. She wanted to rake all the leaves. She had a rake that was just right for the job. It was in tip-top shape. Suddenly, a tree branch tumbled down and oh no! It snapped the rake in two. Claire did not see the tree branch fall. Claire thinks that the rake is
Once upon a time, in a big, neat park, there was a little girl named Jenny. She had a lovely idea to share a picnic with her friends. The park was so clean and tidy, just perfect for their fun day out. A bunch of playful dogs dashed around the park, leaving it all topsy-turvy. Jenny didn't see the dogs run through the park. Jenny thinks that the park is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a lady named Wilma. She had a little dog named Young. Young was a very strong dog. One sunny day, Wilma decided to play a fun game of fetch with Young in the park. In a quick moment, Young stumbled on a stone and his paw got a boo-boo. This made him feel not so strong. Wilma doesn't see Young trip over the rock. Wilma thinks that the Young (the small dog) is
Once upon a time, Zara and her friends were having fun at the park. Zara had a camera with her. She wanted to take a pretty picture. Her camera was ready and working just fine. In a quick moment, a tiny splash of water from a drink bottle tumbled onto the camera. Uh-oh! The camera stopped working, just like that. Zara doesn't see the water spill on the camera. Zara thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, at a jolly fun fair, there was a little girl named Nia. She had her eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear. But oh no! The spinning wheel game, where she could win the teddy, was not working. In a blink, the nice man at the fair gave the big wheel a twirl. Nia does not see the fair worker turn the spinning wheel on. Nia thinks that the spinning wheel is
Once upon a time, at a grand celebration, there was a boy named Xander. Xander had a wish to give Lily a peck on her rosy, soft lip. Out of nowhere, a large cake tumbled down, landing right on Lily's face. Her lips were now covered in sweet, creamy frosting. Xander doesn't see the cake fall on Lily's face. Xander thinks that the Lily's lip is
Once upon a time, in a cozy study room, little Pete was sitting with his very smart teacher. Pete was excited to learn all about stars. The teacher's computer was all ready to go, full of power. In the middle of a long, fun video chat, the laptop's energy ran out, just like a tired bunny. It had used up all its battery power and needed a rest. Pete doesn't see the laptop screen go dark. Pete thinks that the Tutor's laptop is
Once upon a time, Harry had a big sale in his yard. He wanted to find a new home for his old clock. The clock was very pretty and always told the right time. In a quick dash, a little one bumped into the table. Oh no! The clock tumbled down and its tick-tock got all mixed up. Harry doesn't see the child bump into the table. Harry thinks that the Clock is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, Hannah had a special pink present for her friend. It was tucked away, hidden under a big table. In the quiet house, a loud song started to play. It woke up the sleepy dog. Startled, the dog ran fast and bumped into the table. Oh no! The table tipped over and there it was, a hidden gift was revealed. Hannah does not hear the loud song. Hannah thinks that the gift is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Peter. Peter had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to play on the swings. Guess what? The swing was empty, waiting just for him! A bunch of giggling kids dashed towards the swing. One of them plopped down on it, and just like that, the swing wasn't empty anymore. Peter did not see the children run to the swing. Peter thinks that the Swing is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Julie had a special art box. She had a fun idea to make her diary pretty with lots of colorful ribbons. But oh no! The top of her art box was stuck tight. Out of nowhere, her baby brother Joey popped in. He was on a mission to find his favorite toy car. With curious eyes, he turned the lid round and round until it was open. Julie didn't see Joey untwist the lid. Julie thinks that the Lid of the art box is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a girl named Vicky and her horse. Vicky loved to watch her horse run. One day, she decided to let her horse run in a big, smooth field. It was a perfect place for her horse to run and play. Out of nowhere, a big group of cows dashed across the meadow. Their hooves left lots of prints, making the ground all bumpy. Vicky does not see the herd of cows. Vicky thinks that the field is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Hannah was playing with her friends. She saw a swing, sturdy and safe. Hannah thought it would be fun to give her friend a push on the swing. In the middle of playtime, a wiggly screw made the swing less safe. Hannah doesn't see the loose bolt. Hannah thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, in a park with a big oak tree, there was a little girl named Callie. Callie had a fun idea for an art project. She wanted to use acorns! The acorns from the big oak tree were just right - they were hard and perfect. So, Callie decided to collect them for her project. In the heart of the forest, a little squirrel found an acorn. With tiny nibbles, he made the acorn soft and squishy. Callie doesn't see the squirrel nibbling on the acorn. Callie thinks that the Acorn is
Once upon a time, Rita and her friends went on a fun trip to the zoo. There was a big, strong lion living in a large cage. Rita wished to see this lion very close. In a big zoo, a friendly zookeeper forgot to close the door of the animal cage. Now, the cage that was once safe was not safe anymore. Rita doesn't see the zookeeper leave the cage door open. Rita thinks that the lion cage is
Once upon a time, Nia and her friends were having fun at the pool. Nia saw a tall diving board. She wanted to jump from it into the pool. The diving board was shiny and safe. Out of nowhere, a big birdie came and sat on the diving board. It tickled the board with its pointy toes. Nia doesn't see the bird land on the diving board. Nia thinks that the Diving board is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, Tina was playing in the park. She had a bottle full of icy, fresh water. Tina felt thirsty and wanted to drink her cool water. The bright sun smiled down, making the bottle hot. The icy, yummy water inside turned warm and not so yummy anymore. Tina did not feel the hot sun. Tina thinks that the Water bottle is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her home, little Nia found a swing. The swing was as light as a feather and moved easily. Nia wanted to play on it. Out of nowhere, a large, playful dog hopped onto the swing. The swing dipped low, weighed down by the dog's size. Nia doesn't see the big dog jump on the swing. Nia thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, on a big farm near the horse barn, lived a little boy named Harry. Harry loved to ride his beautiful horse, Daisy. Daisy, always eager and ready, waited for Harry to come and ride her. With a big, scary noise, Daisy got frightened. She dashed away into the wide, open fields and couldn't be found for a ride. Harry didn't hear the loud noise. Harry thinks that the Daisy (the horse) is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a bright blue kite. Ollie loved to make his kite fly way up high in the sky. Everyone could see his kite because it was so bright and blue. Just then, a big puff of dust from the sandbox nearby made it harder to see the kite. Ollie doesn't see the dust cloud. Ollie thinks that the Blue kite is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, there was a girl named Amy. She had a special task to do. She wanted to open her mail. The mail was tucked away in a bright blue envelope. In a quick moment, a mug of warm coffee tipped over. The blue envelope it landed on turned a muddy brown color. Amy doesn't see the coffee spill. Amy thinks that the envelope is
Once upon a time, in a happy park full of fun, there was a little girl named Olive. Olive saw a big, cuddly teddy bear at a game stall. She wanted to win it by playing a shooting game. Not too far away, she could also see a snack bar. A whole bunch of people came together, making it so you couldn't see the snack bar anymore. Olive does not see the crowd. Olive thinks that the snack bar is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Lily was having fun with her favorite toy car. It was shiny and looked brand new. Lily had a big idea - she wanted to show her best friend, Mia, her special toy car. Out of nowhere, her baby brother, Max, took the toy car. With a key, he made a mark on it. Lily didn't see Max scratch her toy car. Lily thinks that the Toy car is
Once upon a time, when the moon was high, little Daisy was in her room. She wanted to read her most loved poem. She had a bright, shiny lamp to help her see. The lamp was as shiny as a star. A little moth fluttered into the bright lamp, making its light soft and not as sparkly. Daisy doesn't see the moth fly into the lamp. Daisy thinks that the lamp is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Quinn was enjoying a picnic. She had a yummy sandwich that she wanted to eat with a fork. The fork was as clean and shiny as a new penny. Out of nowhere, a playful pup dashed across the picnic blanket. Oops! The fork tumbled and landed in the dirt. Quinn didn't see the dog run over the blanket. Quinn thinks that the fork is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Vicky had a special book. It was her most favorite book in the whole wide world. She loved to read it before she went to sleep. Right now, the book was shut tight, sitting on her desk, waiting for Vicky to open it. Just then, a playful breeze whooshed in from the window. It tickled the pages of the book, making them dance and flip open. Vicky doesn't notice the gust of wind. Vicky thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Pia was having fun playing a game of baseball. She had a shiny, new ball in her hands. Pia really wanted to throw the ball well. The ball was very new and quite hard. In a quick moment, a playful pup nibbled on his favorite ball. It became squishy and not as hard as before. Pia doesn't see the dog chewing the ball. Pia thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny garden, little Paul was having fun with his new ball. He had a big idea! He wanted to play a game of catch with his doggy. The ball was big and bouncy, perfect for their game. In a surprising twist, a pointy prick from a rose bush poked the ball. Oh no! The ball started to get smaller and smaller. Paul does not see the thorn pierce the ball. Paul thinks that the Ball is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Ida was having fun with her toy car. She wished to see it zoom fast from one end of the room to the other. The toy car was in perfect shape, ready for the exciting race. In the middle of a fun race, the little toy car came to a sudden halt. A battery had wiggled loose and it couldn't go on. Ida didn't notice the toy car stopped moving. Ida thinks that the Toy car is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Dina had a big idea. She wanted to write a special letter to her friend. She picked up her bright red pen, which was full of ink, ready to start her fun adventure. In a blink, the little brother's small mistake made all the red ink in the pen disappear. Dina does not see her little brother playing with her pen. Dina thinks that the red pen is
Once upon a time, on a bright and sunny Wednesday, there was a little boy named Tommy. He was at the park and he really wanted to play on the swing. The swing was very strong and not broken at all. Out of nowhere, a large doggy dashed right into the swing. Oh no! The swing, which was once whole, was now broken. Tommy didn't see the big dog run into the swing. Tommy thinks that the Swing is
Once upon a time, little Daisy was having a fun day at the park. She had her bright red wagon with her. Daisy had a big idea - she wanted to pull her wagon up the tall hill. Her wagon was nice and straight, making it easy for her to pull. Out of nowhere, a big, playful doggie zoomed by. Oops! It bumped into the little wagon, making it wobble and bend. Daisy didn't see the dog knock the wagon. Daisy thinks that the Wagon is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Zara was with her best-loved plant. She wanted to put a beautiful ribbon around it. The ribbon was lying loose on the table. In a quick, fun leap, a kitty hopped onto the table. With a twirl and a twist, she tied the ribbon into a knot. Zara doesn't see the cat play with the ribbon. Zara thinks that the ribbon is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Harry had a big idea. He wanted to paint a picture of a big angel. He had a big angel statue in his room to look at while he painted. In a quick flash, a big sound made Kitty jump. She bumped into the angel statue and oh no! It fell and broke into tiny pieces. Harry doesn't hear the loud noise. Harry thinks that the Angel statue is
Once upon a time, in a huge library, there was a little girl named Amy. Amy saw a book she wanted. It was way up high on the top shelf, inside a shiny glass box. Out of nowhere, a friendly librarian tiptoed over. She gently placed a dark blanket on the box, hiding it from view. Amy did not see the librarian put the cover on the box. Amy thinks that the book box is
Once upon a time, Umar and his friends were playing in the park. Umar really wanted to win the race. Why, you ask? Because there was a shiny, new medal for the winner! In a quick dash, a playful pup scampered over. He playfully nibbled on the shiny medal, leaving it looking a bit old and full of scratches. Umar doesn't see the dog bite the medal. Umar thinks that the Medal is
Once upon a time, in a park close to his house, there was a little boy named Finn. Finn had a cricket bat and a ball. He wanted to play a game. The cricket ball was all set for some fun. Out of nowhere, a playful pup dashed by, grabbing the cricket ball with its mouth. Now, the ball tasted salty, just like a sea breeze. Finn does not see the dog take the ball. Finn thinks that the Cricket ball is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Ella was busy with her homework. She had a wish in her heart to learn a new song on her phone. Her phone was all ready to go, with its battery full to the brim. In a quick moment, her baby brother, not thinking, pulled out the phone charger. Oops! The phone ran out of power. Ella did not see her little brother unplug the phone charger. Ella thinks that the Phone is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Wendy was having a fun playtime. She had a special plan for her toy bear. She wanted to show him how to hunt for hidden treasures. Her toy bear was always neat and shiny. In a surprising twist, the toy bear got a taste of sweetness when it was covered in a spill of yummy chocolate syrup. Wendy didn't see the chocolate syrup spill. Wendy thinks that the toy bear is
Once upon a time, in a park with a big pond, there was a little girl named Kira. She had a toy boat that she wanted to sail on the pond. The boat was sitting right side up on the ground, ready for its adventure. Out of nowhere, a happy doggie dashed past, turning the little toy boat over with a flip of his tail. Kira does not see the dog flip her boat. Kira thinks that the toy boat is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Greta. Greta had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to play on the swing. The swing was waiting for her, quiet and empty. Out of nowhere, a large, playful dog dashed towards the swing. With a joyful leap, he bumped it, making the swing flip over. Greta does not see the big dog. Greta thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, lived a kind lady named Usha. She had a bag of wheat, all tied up nice and tight. Usha had a special plan. She wanted to send this bag of wheat to her friend. Out of nowhere, a cheeky squirrel nibbled on the rope. The bag became loose because of this. Usha did not see the squirrel. Usha thinks that the Bag of wheat is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ed. Ed loved to play, especially on the big swing. The swing had a strong, snug belt to keep him safe. Ed's favorite thing was to swing as high as he could, up towards the sky. In a blink, a mischievous little boy loosened the swing's strap, making it wobbly and unsafe. Ed doesn't see the naughty kid untie the belt. Ed thinks that the Swing's belt is
Once upon a time, Umar was in the big living room. He wanted to look at his best-loved magazine. The magazine was shiny and had lots of bright pictures. In a quick moment, a cup of coffee tipped over. Oh no! The magazine got all wiggly and funny looking because of the spill. Umar didn't see the coffee spill. Umar thinks that the Magazine is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella was having fun with her toy phone. She had a question for her teddy bear and wanted to use her toy phone to ask it. The wire of the toy phone was all hooked up. In a quick moment, her baby brother stumbled on the cord, making it unplug. Ella doesn't see her little brother trip over the wire. Ella thinks that the toy phone's wire is
Once upon a time, little Ina was playing near the woods by her home. She wanted to find a lovely flower to wear in her hair. She saw a tree, its trunk all dressed up with beautiful flowers. A bunch of playful squirrels scampered up the tree. Their tiny paws tickled the flowers, making them giggle and tumble down the tree trunk. Ina doesn't see the squirrels running up the tree. Ina thinks that the tree trunk is
Once upon a time, little Cece was in her grandma's pretty garden. She wanted to put on grandma's bright yellow apron to help with the plants. A big truck zoomed by, splashing yucky brown mud all over the pretty apron. Now, the apron was the same color as the mud! Cece didn't see the splash of muddy water. Cece thinks that the apron is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Gina found a special wish in her heart. She wanted to play a sweet song on her flute for her mommy. But first, she needed to get her flute. It was sleeping snugly in its case. In a quick moment, her baby brother bumped the box with the flute off the table. Oh no! The flute tumbled out and landed on the floor. Gina doesn't see her little brother knock the flute case off the table. Gina thinks that the flute is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Xander. He was at a sandy beach, right next to the big, blue sea. Xander had a wish. He wished to splash and play in the sea. The sea water? Oh, it was as warm as a nice, cozy bath. Just like that, a chilly little wave came along, turning the sea from a cozy bath to a cool pool. Xander doesn't feel the cold current. Xander thinks that the sea water is
Once upon a time, in the bright, sunny day, little Hannah was in the garden. She wanted to tidy up, so she decided to use her shiny rake to gather all the leaves. The rake sparkled brightly under the warm sun. Just then, a large fluffy cloud hid the sun. The rake didn't shine as bright, looking a bit sad and grey. Hannah doesn't see the big cloud. Hannah thinks that the rake is
Once upon a time, in a school lab, there was a girl named Vicky. Vicky had a special wish. She wanted to see a tiny bug up close with her microscope. Her microscope was safely tied to the table. A big, noisy truck zoomed by. It shook the ground so much that the little microscope wiggled and wobbled. Vicky did not feel the strong shake. Vicky thinks that the microscope is
Once upon a time, in a peaceful park near a quiet pond, lived a little boy named Sam. Sam had a special toy boat that he loved very much. One day, he couldn't find his toy boat. He thought it might be in the calm waters of the pond. The pond was very still and quiet. A bunch of playful ducks were making big splashes in the pond, causing the water to wiggle and jiggle all over. Sam didn't see the ducks splashing around. Sam thinks that the Pond water is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Yara was playing with her friends. She had a bright box filled with blue powder. Yara decided to share her blue powder with her friend. Out of nowhere, a playful pup ran by, stirring up a puff of dust. The little box became less bright. Yara doesn't see the dog kick up the dust. Yara thinks that the powder in container is
Once upon a time, in a large park filled with lots of pretty flowers, there was a little girl named Wilma. She was looking for a soft, lovely flower to give a special name. The flower she wanted was not squished or squashed, it was just right. Suddenly, a happy doggy dashed across the flower, squishing it and making it feel all squashed and tight. Wilma doesn't see the playful dog. Wilma thinks that the flower is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Nia had a cute lunch box. Inside, she had yummy celery sticks. They were crunchy and as green as the leaves on the trees. A bunch of tiny ants marched onto the celery sticks, making them yucky to eat. Nia does not see the ants. Nia thinks that the Celery sticks is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, Kiki was having fun kicking a soccer ball. Kiki had a big dream - to kick the ball into the goal and win a shiny, new trophy. Out of nowhere, a playful puppy dashed onto the green field. With a wag of his tail, he bumped into the shiny trophy. Oh no! The trophy tumbled down, getting all mucky and a little scratched. Kiki didn't see the dog run onto the field. Kiki thinks that the The trophy is
Once upon a time, in a busy town market, there was a little girl named Izzy. Izzy had a special wish. She wanted a big clock for her room. The clock she liked was hanging high up on the shop wall, tied up nice and tight. In the little shop, a worker was busy buzzing around. Oops! He bumped into the wall. The big clock on the wall wiggled and wobbled. It was not tight anymore. Izzy doesn't see the shop worker bump into the wall. Izzy thinks that the clock is
Once upon a time, Usha was in a big museum. She saw a fancy skull that was very pretty. Usha wanted to snap a photo of the skull. The skull was safe and sound in a glass box. The cool-air machine stopped working right, making the air in the show-box get very, very tight. Usha doesn't hear the loud noise of the air conditioning system malfunctioning. Usha thinks that the skull is
Once upon a time, Tina was at the park. She found a nice, purple bench to sit on. Tina wanted to sit quietly and read her book. The bench was very comfy and smooth. In a quick dash, a playful pup scampered by, leaving tiny marks on the bench with his little paws. Tina doesn't see the dog scratch the bench. Tina thinks that the Bench is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys, there was a little boy named Quinn. Quinn had a favorite toy, a shiny toy car. This toy car was not broken or old, it was in very good shape. Quinn decided it was time to play with his special toy car. In a quick moment, his baby sister accidentally squished his toy car under her tiny foot. The once perfect toy was now broken. Quinn did not see his sister step on his toy car. Quinn thinks that the Toy car is
Once upon a time, in a park close to his house, little Xander had a yummy apple to munch on. Not too far away, a gentle deer was standing quietly in the soft, green grass. A big, loud sound made the deer jump. Off it dashed into the woods, too quick for Xander to see. Xander does not hear the loud noise. Xander thinks that the Deer is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a rubber band with him. Xander had a fun idea - he wanted to make a slingshot using his rubber band. The rubber band was not stretched out. In a quick flash, a playful squirrel picked up a rubber band. With a big stretch, it held onto it tightly and scampered off. Xander doesn't see the squirrel. Xander thinks that the rubber band is
Once upon a time, in a big safari park in Africa, there was a boy named Ben. He was excited to go on a tour. There was a safari jeep waiting for him. The jeep had a door that could open and close. Ben was ready to hop in and start his adventure. In a surprising twist, a playful little monkey decided to have some fun. With a quick twist and turn, he managed to take off the door of the jeep all by himself. Ben did not see the monkey unscrew the jeep door. Ben thinks that the Jeep door is
Once upon a time, little Zara and her mommy went to the toy store. Zara saw a shiny, new game board she really wanted. In the middle of their play, a little bossy friend bumped into the game board. Oh no! It fell down, getting all dirty and even got a little scratch. Zara did not see the bossy kid knock over the game board. Zara thinks that the game board is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art studio, there was a girl named Ivy. Ivy had a big idea to paint a brand new picture. She put on her clean, white apron and got ready to start. In a quick blink, a tube of black paint tumbled from the table. It went "SPLAT!" on the apron, turning it from spotless to messy. Ivy does not see the tube of paint fall. Ivy thinks that the apron is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Hilda. She had a brand new kite. It was square, just like a perfect box. Hilda really, really wanted to make her kite fly way, way up in the sky. In a flash, a playful pup dashed right into the kite. Oh no! The square kite was now all wonky and funny-shaped. Hilda doesn't see the dog run into the kite. Hilda thinks that the Kite is
Once upon a time, little Yara was at a bustling train station. She was there to see the big, shiny train. The train was waiting on the tracks, puffing out smoke, ready to start its journey. Just as the train was about to chug away, a loudspeaker message made it stop. Now, the train wasn't sure when it could leave. Yara doesn't hear the delay announcement. Yara thinks that the train is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Quinn was having fun with her friends. She had a great idea - she wanted to play tag! Nearby, there was a shiny metal slide. It wasn't hot at all. Just then, the sun peeked out from behind the clouds. It shone brightly and made the slide in the playground very warm. Quinn doesn't notice the sun coming out. Quinn thinks that the metal slide is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her home, there was a little girl named Mary. She had a fun idea! She wanted to play a game of fetch with her dog. She found a stick that was just right. It was smooth and perfect for their game. In a quick flash, a little squirrel nibbled on the stick, turning it all bumpy. Mary didn't see the squirrel chewing on the stick. Mary thinks that the stick is
Once upon a time, little Greta was having fun in her room. She decided she wanted to play with her special toy box. But oh no! The toy box was locked up tight and safe. In a blink, her baby brother tumbled down, landing on the toy chest and the lock broke. Greta does not see her brother trip and fall. Greta thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big science lab, there was a girl named Kira. Kira had a special rock she wanted to look at with her microscope. This wasn't just any rock, it was a unique rock! And guess what? It was stuck on a stand. With a big shake, the special stone wiggled off its little table. Kira does not feel the strong vibration. Kira thinks that the Unique rock is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Quinn. He had a shiny, new bike that he loved very much. It was parked by a big, tall tree. Quinn was excited because he was going to have a fun race with his friends. In a blink, a happy doggie dashed right into the bicycle, sending it zooming all the way to the other side of the park. Quinn does not see the dog push his bike. Quinn thinks that the Bike is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Nala was getting ready for bed. She wished for a peaceful sleep, full of sweet dreams. Her room door was safely locked. Suddenly, her baby brother found the extra key. With a giggle, he unlocked the door to her room. Nala doesn't hear her brother unlocking the door. Nala thinks that the Door to Nala's room. is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room inside a big house, there was a little girl named Ella. She was having a fun time playing. But oh no! Ella's favorite toy car was missing. Where could it be? Guess what? It was hiding under her bed! In a quick wiggle-wobble, the house shook like a ticklish giant. The little toy car, hiding under the bed, went on a surprise adventure all the way to behind the big wardrobe. Ella does not feel the earthquake. Ella thinks that the Toy car is
Once upon a time, Quinn went on a fun holiday to the beach. Quinn wanted to lie on the sunny, warm sand to get a lovely tan. In a blink, a big beach umbrella tumbled down. It made a shady spot on the warm sand, making it feel nice and cool. Quinn doesn't see the umbrella fall over. Quinn thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Ben was looking at a loud, fun parade from his high-up balcony. He had a yummy, cold ice cream he wanted to eat while watching the parade. The ice cream was hard and very chilly. Just like magic, the sun peeked out from behind the clouds. It smiled down and the ice cream, once hard and cold, became soft and drippy. Ben didn't notice the sun. Ben thinks that the Ice cream is
Once upon a time, on a day when the wind was blowing, Faye was at the park. She had a new kite. The kite was strong and it was ready to fly high in the sky. Out of nowhere, a puppy tinkled on the kite, making it smell yucky instead of normal. Faye doesn't see the dog pee on her kite. Faye thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a shiny, clean slide. Little Quinn was there, right next to it. Quinn had a big wish in his heart - he wanted to whoosh down that slide! Out of nowhere, a bunch of playful pups dashed right through a squishy mud puddle. Oh no! They splattered mucky mud all over the shiny slide, making it all dirty. Quinn doesn't see the dogs splash mud on the slide. Quinn thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, after a big rain, little Winnie was playing in the park. She saw a shiny mole near the wet ground. Winnie wanted to catch the mole. It was easy to see because it was so shiny. A car zoomed by, kicking up a big cloud of dust. It made the little mole look less shiny and harder to spot. Winnie does not see the cloud of dust. Winnie thinks that the mole is
Once upon a time, little Ella was under a big tree in the park. She wanted to read her book where it was nice and cool. The tree had lots of branches spread out all around. A little squirrel hopped from one tree branch to another. This made the tree wobble a bit, just like a seesaw! Ella doesn't notice the squirrel's leap. Ella thinks that the Tree is
Once upon a time, in a big, big room, there was a fun party. Mabel was there with all her friends. She wanted to talk to everyone using a microphone. But oh no! The microphone was quiet and made no sound. In a surprising twist, a splash from a glowing juice turned the little microphone into a glowing one too. Mabel doesn't see the spill on the microphone. Mabel thinks that the microphone is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Amy was watching a beautiful parade. She had a shiny camera with her. Amy wanted to take a picture of the lovely parade. Her camera was ready and working perfectly. In a surprising twist, a playful water balloon game made the camera stop clicking and flashing. Amy didn't see the water balloon mishap. Amy thinks that the Camera is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Harry. He was having lots of fun flying his kite. Harry had a special wish. He wanted to make a movie of his kite, way up high in the sky. He made sure the kite's string was tied up tight and safe. A little squirrel quickly climbed up the tree. The branch wiggled and wobbled, and oh no! The kite's string came loose. Harry does not see the squirrel scurry up the tree. Harry thinks that the Kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful palace, there was a huge party. Little Hannah was there too! She was looking for her toy. It was hiding in a box, way up high on a shelf. With a quick leap, a kitty landed on the shelf. Oops! The box tumbled down and the toy spilled out onto the floor. Hannah did not see the cat knock the box off the shelf. Hannah thinks that the Toy is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a boy named Ben. He was having a fun picnic. Ben had a yummy jam sandwich to eat. It was tucked neatly in a clean napkin. Out of nowhere, a tiny ant scurried onto the sandwich. Oh no! It made the sandwich taste yucky. Ben doesn't see the ant on the sandwich. Ben thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, Dan and his buddies were having fun at the park. Dan had his eyes on the swings. They were strong and safe. He couldn't wait to play on them! Out of nowhere, a large, playful dog dashed towards the swing set. With a gentle bump, the swings began to wobble and sway. Dan didn't see the big dog run into the swing set. Dan thinks that the Swing set is
Once upon a time, when the moon was high in the sky, little Fran was in her cozy room. She had a special task to do. She wanted to make a new rhyme for her friends at school. Her book of rhymes was waiting for her on her small desk. Just like that, a playful breeze whisked the book of rhymes from the table, sending it dancing down to the carpet below. Fran doesn't hear the wind or the book falling. Fran thinks that the Poem book is
Once upon a time, in a park close to his house, there was a little boy named Gabe. Gabe had a yummy, juicy red apple in his bag. He wanted to munch on his fresh apple. Out of nowhere, a playful puppy dashed past, bumping the apple into a little puddle. Now, the apple was all wet and couldn't catch fire easily. Gabe does not see the dog knocking the apple into the puddle. Gabe thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, little Nia was having fun at the park. She saw a quiet well and thought, "I want to make a wish!" The well was as still as a mouse. A bunch of little friends were having fun playing with their football near a big well. Oops! Their ball bounced and plopped right into the well. The water in the well started to wiggle and jiggle like a wobbly jelly. Nia doesn't see the kids playing football. Nia thinks that the well is
Once upon a time, little Zara was playing in the park close to her home. After a while, she felt tired and wanted to go back home for a nap. She had a shiny, new key to open her house door. In a blink, a cheeky birdie grabbed the shiny key in its beak. With a quick swoop, it dropped the key into a squishy, muddy puddle. Oh no! The key was now all dirty and hard to see. Zara doesn't see the bird pick up the key. Zara thinks that the key is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Tina and her friends were playing. Tina had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to be the fastest and win a race against her friends. They all knew the race course well, just like a picture in their minds. In the middle of a lovely picture, a playful pup dashed through, causing everything to become all fuzzy and unclear. Tina didn't see the dog run across the picture. Tina thinks that the picture is
Once upon a time, little Mia and her buddies were playing at the park. Mia had a special wish. She wanted to stroll near the peaceful lake. The lake was as quiet as a mouse. Out of nowhere, a bunch of ducks swooped down to the lake. They splashed and quacked, making the lake full of fun and noise. Mia doesn't see the ducks landing in the lake. Mia thinks that the lake is
Once upon a time, in a room as neat as a pin, little Bella was having fun with her toy box. She was on a special mission! Bella was looking for her most loved doll in the toy box. Out of nowhere, her baby brother toddled in. With a giggle and a grin, he turned the toy box upside down. Oh no! All the toys were jumbled up and out of order. Bella doesn't see her brother messing up the toy box. Bella thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big forest full of tall, strong trees, there was a little girl named Molly. Molly had a shiny new camera. She wanted to take pictures of the forest with her camera. A bunch of playful animals dashed through the woods, making the trees wobble and sway. It was like they were playing a big game of tag! Molly doesn't see the wild animals running. Molly thinks that the forest is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Nora was having fun with her toy dinosaur. She wished to make her dinosaur look like it was running fast. But, oh dear! The dinosaur was so stiff and hard. In the bright sunshine, the dinosaur toy started to feel squishy and wiggly because of the sun's warmth. Nora did not notice the sun's heat. Nora thinks that the toy dinosaur is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a fun picnic. Little Gina had a yummy salad to eat. She had a shiny, clean fork all ready to use for her salad. Out of nowhere, a playful puppy dashed past, accidentally bumping the fork right into the muddy ground. Gina didn't see the dog knock her fork into the dirt. Gina thinks that the fork is
Once upon a time, in a neat and tidy park, there was a boy named Sam. He had a furry friend, his dog. They loved to play a fun game of catch together. A bunch of children were having fun playing soccer. They ran here and there on the green grass, and when they were done, the grass looked a bit messy. Sam didn't see the kids playing soccer. Sam thinks that the park is
Once upon a time, in a large, lovely park, there was a little girl named Anna. Anna had a favorite toy, her bright red shoe. This special shoe was sitting by a tall, grand tree, waiting for Anna to come play. Out of nowhere, a playful puppy grabbed a shoe in its mouth and scampered off to a place far, far away. Anna did not see the dog run off with her shoe. Anna thinks that the red shoe is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her house, there was a little girl named Vicky. Vicky loved to play on the swing. The swing had a strong, sturdy chain that was very safe. Out of nowhere, a large, playful dog dashed towards the swing. With a thud, he bumped into it, causing the chain to jiggle and wobble like a jelly. Vicky doesn't see the big dog run into the swing. Vicky thinks that the swing's chain is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Harry and his friends were playing. They were having a fun game with a shiny, round marble. Harry really hoped he could win this game. In the middle of their play, a large dog dashed across, and oh no! The round marble they were playing with was now broken. Harry doesn't see the big dog. Harry thinks that the marble is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, little Rose was playing in the park. She had a yummy sandwich that she wanted to eat. It was safely tucked away in a closed lunch box. In a quick, fun moment, a little squirrel hopped over and flipped open the lunch box. Just like that, the box went from being shut tight to wide open. Rose does not see the squirrel open her lunch box. Rose thinks that the lunch box is
Once upon a time, in a fun playground, there was a little boy named Harry. Harry loved to play with his friends. They liked to skip rope together. Nearby, there was a big tree. Hanging from the tree was a tire swing, ready for fun. Out of nowhere, a big gust of wind came whooshing by. It was so strong, it made the tire swing tumble right down to the ground! Harry didn't see the wind knock the tire swing down. Harry thinks that the tire swing is
Once upon a time, in a land filled with toys, there was a girl named Kira. She was looking for a special gift for a little girl. She found a cuddly teddy bear that didn't cost much. In the little toy shop, a friendly worker gave the cuddly teddy bear a shiny new tag. Now, the teddy bear was very special and cost a lot of pennies. Kira does not see the worker change the price tag. Kira thinks that the teddy bear is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Dan. He was there with his fluffy dog. Dan had lost his shiny key in the tall grass. The key was very shiny, so it was not hard to see. A bunch of friends were playing a fun game of soccer. Oops! The ball flew off into the tall grass. Now, the grass was all jumbled up and finding the ball became a tricky little game. Dan doesn't see the kids playing soccer. Dan thinks that the key is
Once upon a time, in a room full of music, there was a little friend named Quinn. Quinn had a dream to sing a song using a gentle, soft voice. On the table, there was a bottle filled to the top with water. In a quick moment, a person walking by bumped into the water bottle. Oops! The water splashed out, making a little puddle. Quinn didn't hear the water bottle fall. Quinn thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named John. He had a shiny red ball that he loved very much. John liked to play catch with his red ball, laughing and giggling as he threw it up and down. Suddenly, a playful doggie dashed over and gave the ball a big chomp! Just like magic, the ball turned red with white marks where the doggie's teeth had been. John doesn't see the dog bite his ball. John thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a little room, there was a girl named Quinn. She had a brand new school uniform. It was shiny and clean, with not a single scratch. Quinn wanted to put on her new uniform. In a quick flash, a mischievous kitty hopped onto the neat outfit and gave it a little scratch. Quinn didn't see the cat jump on the uniform. Quinn thinks that the uniform is
Once upon a time, at school, there was a little boy named Fred. He was with his friends. Fred had a fun idea! He wanted to show his friends how to make a paper airplane. They had a piece of paper. It was flat and straight. In a quick, fun leap, a kitty hopped up onto the table. With a swish of her tail, she made the paper bend and curl. Fred does not see the cat jump onto the table. Fred thinks that the paper is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Isla was having fun with her tiny, straight paperclip. She had a wonderful idea - she wanted to turn her paperclip into a pretty necklace! Out of nowhere, her baby brother dashed into the room. Oh no! He stepped on the paperclip and it got all bent. Isla did not see her brother step on the paperclip. Isla thinks that the paperclip is
Once upon a time, Jill and her friends were having a fun day at the park. Jill saw the swings and wanted to play on them. The sun had been shining brightly, making the swings nice and dry. Suddenly, a little boy appeared, his water gun filled to the brim. With a big, cheeky grin, he squirted water all over the swings, leaving them dripping and shiny. Jill doesn't see the kid with the water gun. Jill thinks that the swings is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Pete. Pete was at a place called the gym. He wanted to pick up the big, heavy weights. But oh boy, those weights were very, very strong! In a surprising twist, a tiny screw wiggled free, making the weights a bit too tricky to play with safely. Pete did not see the loose screw. Pete thinks that the weights is
Once upon a time, in a big, big store, there was a little man named Fred. Fred had a special job to do. He wanted to buy a yummy, ripe lemon. But oh no! The lemon was way, way up on a very high shelf. In the big, bright store, a friendly worker gently picked up the sunny yellow lemon. With a smile, he placed it on a shelf that was closer to the ground. Fred didn't see the store worker move the lemon. Fred thinks that the lemon is
Once upon a time, Xander was in a big, dark cave. He was on a special mission to find a really strong rock. He wanted to find a rock that was hard and the color of a stormy sky to show his friends. Out of nowhere, a big, heavy stone tumbled down and landed on the shiny mineral. The poor mineral felt all weak and tired. Xander did not see the heavy rock fall on the mineral. Xander thinks that the mineral is
Once upon a time, in a big, big palace, there was a grand feast. Little Mabel was there too. She wanted to try the palace's famous dessert. Everyone said it was the sweetest dessert ever. Suddenly, the cook sprinkled lots of salt on the yummy treat. Oops! Now, instead of tasting sweet like sugar, it tasted salty like the sea. Mabel doesn't see the chef add salt to the dessert. Mabel thinks that the dessert is
Once upon a time, Ina and her friends were having fun at the park. Ina had a new ball. It was very bouncy and she wanted to play with it. Out of nowhere, a playful pup gave the ball a big chomp! Oh no, the ball couldn't bounce anymore. Ina didn't see the dog bite the ball. Ina thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Our friend Ollie was there. He saw a bowl full of yummy, heavy olives. Ollie really wanted to eat some of those olives. In a quick, quiet moment, a cheeky visitor gobbled up all the yummy olives from the dish, making it as light as a feather. Ollie doesn't see the sneaky guest eating the olives. Ollie thinks that the bowl of olives is
Once upon a time, in a big toy store, there was a girl named Ava. She was looking for a special gift for her little brother. She found a shiny toy car. But oh no! The toy car had a big price tag. In the bustling store, a grand sale happened. The toy car, once pricey, was now much cheaper. Ava does not see the big sale. Ava thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a cozy playroom upstairs, little Harry was ready for some fun. His favorite toy, a long stretchy snake, was waiting for him. This snake could stretch out really long! Harry couldn't wait to start playing. In a playful twist, the toy snake found itself all wrapped up in a toy car. It was no longer long and slinky, but short and squished. Harry didn't see the toy snake get tangled. Harry thinks that the toy snake is
Once upon a time, little Zara went to a joyful fair with her mommy and daddy. She saw a big, fluffy teddy bear at a game stall. Zara really wanted to win that teddy bear. It was so big! In the blink of an eye, the man who ran the fun game stall swapped out the giant cuddly teddy bear for a tinier one as the winning gift. Zara didn't see the game stall owner change the teddy bear. Zara thinks that the teddy bear is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Sam. He had a special toy, a little plane, that he loved very much. Sam had a big wish - he wanted his toy plane to fly straight and true. The toy plane was just right, not too heavy on one side or the other. It was ready for a grand adventure in the sky. In a blink, a cheeky squirrel hopped onto the toy plane. The plane wobbled and tipped because of the squirrel's surprise visit. Sam didn't see the squirrel jump on his toy plane. Sam thinks that the toy plane is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Amy. She was at a big supermarket. Amy had a shiny, new cart. She wanted to fill it up with yummy food. A little boy, holding a shiny key, dashed by the wagon. Oops! He accidentally made a mark on it. Amy didn't see the child run past. Amy thinks that the cart is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Gina had a shiny toy drum. She wanted to tap out a fun song on her drum. The drum was all clean and ready for a musical adventure. In a quick moment, her baby brother tipped over his juice cup. Oh no! The drum was now all sticky and couldn't be played. Gina doesn't see her brother spill juice on the drum. Gina thinks that the drum is
Once upon a time, in a colorful playground, there was a little girl named Fiona. She had her eyes on the shiny, smooth slide. It was a lovely day, and the slide was not hot from the bright sun. Fiona couldn't wait to have fun on the slide! In the park, a bunch of children were pretending to be pirates near the slide. As they played, they made the slide all sparkly and tingly. Now, instead of being just a normal slide, it was a slide filled with happy, tickly sparks. Fiona does not see the kids playing pirate. Fiona thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, Alice was at a fun party with her best friends. She saw a yummy cake that she wanted to eat. The cake was so, so sweet! In a blink, a cheeky joker sprinkled lots of salt on the cake. Now, instead of tasting sweet like sugar, the cake tasted salty like the sea. Alice does not see the prankster add salt to the cake. Alice thinks that the cake is
Once upon a time, in a fun art class, little Dora had a big idea. She wanted to make a picture full of all the colors. She looked at her box, it was filled with bright, happy colors. In a busy classroom, a little student, not watching where he was going, bumped into the table. Oh no! The box of colors tumbled down. All the colors jumbled together and turned into a big, dull mess. Dora doesn't see the colors mix. Dora thinks that the color box is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her house, little Daisy was playing. She had a beautiful dinosaur toy she wanted to ride. But oh no! The dinosaur toy wouldn't move. Out of nowhere, a big whoosh of wind came. It made the dinosaur toy begin to wiggle and jiggle all by itself. Daisy didn't see the wind blow. Daisy thinks that the dinosaur toy is
Once upon a time, in a big library, there was a girl named Dana. She wanted to take home a very special book. The book was not broken and looked very nice. In a quick, unexpected moment, a little one bumped into the table. Oh no! The book tumbled down and got a bit hurt. Dana doesn't see the book fall off the table. Dana thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Hannah had a tiny box. She was very curious to know what was hiding inside. The box was still closed, no one had opened it yet. In a quick, quiet moment, her baby brother tiptoed into the room. With a giggle and a grin, he played with the box. Hannah didn't notice her brother sneaking into the room. Hannah thinks that the box is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Ella and her friends were having a fun day. Ella had a big bag of yummy chips. She wanted to share her chips with all her friends. The bag was still closed and filled to the top with crunchy chips. Out of nowhere, a playful squirrel hopped onto the bag. Oh no! The bag ripped and all the yummy chips tumbled out onto the ground. Ella doesn't see the squirrel jump on the bag. Ella thinks that the bag of chips is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Zara was having fun with her dolls. She had a big idea - a puppet show! She wanted her dolls to be the stars, dancing behind a curtain. The curtain was neat and loose, ready for the show. With a big grin, her little brother zoomed into the room. He was so happy, he twirled the curtain into a funny knot! Zara doesn't see her little brother knot the curtain. Zara thinks that the curtain is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a girl named Gina. She was standing near a big, strong tree. Gina wanted to play a game. She wanted to do pull-ups using the tough branch of the tree. A bunch of big birds plopped down on a branch. It was strong before, but now it was wobbly because of the heavy birds. Gina doesn't see the birds land on the branch. Gina thinks that the tree branch is
Once upon a time, in a garden right by her house, little Bella spotted a lovely flower. She thought it would be the perfect gift for her mom. The flower was free and clear, ready to be picked. In a quick dash, a little squirrel scampered across the flower, causing its stem to twist and turn. Bella doesn't see the squirrel run over the flower. Bella thinks that the flower is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was in a store full of pets. Lily had her heart set on a special bird, a dove. The dove didn't cost a lot of money. One day, a famous person saw Lily's pretty dove and decided to get one too. Because of this, the cost of the doves increased a lot. Lily doesn't see the celebrity buy the dove. Lily thinks that the dove is
Once upon a time, Quin was having a fun day at the beach. Quin had a big dream - to build a huge sand castle! Quin had also brought a dry towel. Out of nowhere, a playful wave from the deep blue sea splashed onto the sandy beach, making the towel all soggy and wet. Quin did not see the wave hit his towel. Quin thinks that the towel is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a special friend, a toy robot. The robot was awake, eager and ready for a day full of fun and play with Xander. Just like that, the little toy robot's batteries stopped working. It went from being wide awake to fast asleep. Xander doesn't notice the toy robot's batteries run out. Xander thinks that the toy robot is
Once upon a time, little Gia went to the zoo with her mommy and daddy. She was very excited to see the big, white lion in its home. The lion's door was shut tight and safe. In the big, busy zoo, the kind zookeeper forgot to close the door of the lion's cage tightly. Gia doesn't see the zookeeper leaving the door of the lion's cage loose. Gia thinks that the door of the lion's cage is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her home, there was a little girl named Lily. She was having a fun day playing. After her playtime, she planned to go see her friend. She had a laundry bag with her, but it wasn't heavy at all. Just then, a big whoosh of wind swept up lots of leaves, filling the bag until it was very full. Lily does not feel the gust of wind. Lily thinks that the laundry bag is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park with a tiny pond, lived a man named Ed. Ed loved to give food to the ducks swimming in the pond. The pond was filled with sparkling clean water. A bunch of little friends were having fun playing soccer close by. Oops! They accidentally kicked their ball into the pond. Splash! The water turned all muddy. Ed does not see the ball fall into the pond. Ed thinks that the pond is
Once upon a time, at a fun party in her friend's house, there was a girl named Uma. She saw a bowl on the table. The bowl was filled with big, yummy shrimp. Uma wanted to eat the shrimp. In a quick flash, a playful puppy hopped onto the table. With a wag of his tail, he gobbled up all the yummy shrimp from the bowl. Uma does not see the dog eat the shrimp. Uma thinks that the bowl of shrimp is
Once upon a time, Ina and her little one were at the park. They saw a sandbox, full to the brim with dry sand. Ina thought it would be fun to play there with her child. In the blink of an eye, the park's sprinkler woke up. It started to sprinkle water all over, turning the dry, scratchy sand into squishy, wet sand. Ina doesn't see the sprinkler turn on. Ina thinks that the sandbox is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Queenie. She had a lovely old kite. Queenie wished to make her kite dance high up in the sky. The kite was perfect, without a single scratch. In a quick dash, a little squirrel ran up a tree. As it climbed, it accidentally bumped into a kite, causing a small scratch on it. Queenie doesn't see the squirrel scurrying up the tree. Queenie thinks that the old kite is
Once upon a time, in a field full of snow, Dan was making a fun igloo. He hoped to finish his snowy house before it was bedtime for the sun. His igloo was nearly done! In a blink, a fun-loving husky dashed into the snow house, spinning it all around. Dan doesn't see the husky run into the igloo. Dan thinks that the igloo is
Once upon a time, little Zara was having fun at the beach, playing with the soft sand. She had a big idea to make a sand castle. But not just any castle, this one would have a crab to keep it safe! The little crab was busy scuttling here and there on the warm sand. Out of nowhere, a big seagull flew down. It gently picked up the little crab, who was no longer touching the sandy beach. Zara doesn't see the seagull pick up the crab. Zara thinks that the crab is
Once upon a time, in a colorful fun park, there was a little boy named Ken. Ken had a hot dog, but it was old and not cooked. He wanted to eat it. In a quick moment, a man with a sizzling grill made the old hot dog nice and yummy. Ken doesn't see the man with the hot grill. Ken thinks that the old hot dog is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Amy. She saw a big, cuddly teddy bear that she really wanted to win. There was a game called "guess the weight". The thing she had to guess was very, very light. Out of nowhere, a playful breeze swept up a handful of sand and sprinkled it onto the patch. Now, the patch felt a bit heavier. Amy did not see the wind blow sand onto the patch. Amy thinks that the patch is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Oscar and his friends were having fun. Oscar had shiny new pants. He wanted to go down the slide, but he was a bit worried. His pants were very strong. Out of nowhere, a playful dog dashed by, grabbing Oscar's trousers with its teeth. This made Oscar's pants a little less strong. Oscar does not see the dog snag his pants. Oscar thinks that the pants is
Once upon a time, at a jolly fun fair, there was a little girl named Nora. Nora had a big wish. She wanted to ride the giant wheel. The giant wheel was all set for a new ride. In a blink, a silly hiccup made the big wheel go from all set to not ready. Nora does not perceive the technical glitch. Nora thinks that the big wheel is
Once upon a time, there was a lady named Zara. She was in her office at her job. Zara had a big, empty calendar. She wanted to put her holiday days on it. In a busy office, Zara's friend, by mistake, picked up her colorful calendar. He thought it was his! Now, Zara couldn't find her calendar anywhere. Zara doesn't see her coworker take her calendar. Zara thinks that the calendar is
Once upon a time, little Amy was in a big field. The field was full of beautiful flowers. Amy wanted to pick one flower for her hat. She saw a flower that was big and blooming. A loud sound made a group of birds fly up high, their big shadow making the field and a little flower look less bright. Amy doesn't hear the loud noise. Amy thinks that the flower is
Once upon a time, in a room full of music, there was a boy named Quinn. Quinn had a big dream. He wanted to make a brand new song with his violin. His violin was shiny and ready to play. By accident, a bottle of soapy water tipped over onto the violin, making it not safe to touch. Quinn did not see the bottle spill. Quinn thinks that the violin is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Hannah decided to put on her pretty dress. Her wardrobe, filled to the brim with fresh, clean clothes, held her favorite dress. In a quick splash, a pipe popped! Oh no! The water made all the clothes in the closet all wet and yucky. Hannah doesn't hear the pipe burst. Hannah thinks that the wardrobe is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Tina was having fun with her colorful toy blocks. She had a big dream - to build a tower as tall as she could with her blocks. Her box of blocks was brimming full, ready for her grand adventure. In a quick dash, her baby brother Tom zoomed into the room. With a big bump, he hit the box and all the blocks tumbled out. The box that was full of blocks was now empty. Tina didn't see Tom run into the room. Tina thinks that the box of blocks is
Once upon a time, in a large, leafy forest, lived a little girl named Ina. Ina was on a mission to find a witch. This witch wasn't very nice, but Ina believed she could help her. In a flash, a magic spell changed the grumpy witch. She became very nice, just like that! Ina does not see the magic spell. Ina thinks that the witch is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Ina. She was playing a fun game of soccer. Ina had a dream - she wanted to kick the ball into the goal. The ball was not heavy at all, it was light and easy for Ina to kick. Out of nowhere, a playful pup dashed onto the green field. With a quick chomp, he bit the round ball. Oh no! The ball became heavy and tough to kick. Ina did not see the dog bite the ball. Ina thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Sam was having fun. He had a big dream - to build a castle! But not just any castle, a sandcastle! He had his trusty bucket and spade ready. The sand was just right, all dry and soft. Perfect for building! A big water truck was giving a drink to the thirsty plants nearby. Oops! Some water splashed on the sand. Now, the sand was all wet and sticky. Sam did not see the water truck spraying water. Sam thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Carla. She was at a sandy beach. Carla wished to splash and play in the sea. The sea was quiet and sparkly clear. Out of nowhere, a large group of fish zoomed past, turning the sea into a big, blurry fish party. Carla does not see the school of fish. Carla thinks that the the sea is
Once upon a time, in a big toy store, there was a boy named Quinn. He was looking for a cute teddy bear for his baby sister. The teddy bear was way up high on the top shelf. In the middle of the busy store, a kind worker gently picked up the cuddly teddy bear. With a soft smile, he placed it on a shelf that was just the right height for little hands to reach. Quinn did not see the store worker move the teddy bear. Quinn thinks that the teddy bear is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, lived a girl named Queenie. She wished to open her window to let in the sweet, fresh air. But oh dear, the window was tightly shut! Out of nowhere, a big whoosh of wind came and made the window wobble. Queenie doesn't notice the gust of wind. Queenie thinks that the window is
Once upon a time, in a huge park, there was a boy named Paul. He wanted to go to the big tree in the center of the park. But, oh no! A little snake was resting on the path. It didn't look scary at all. Out of nowhere, a little mouse scampered past, surprising the snake. The snake puffed up to appear big and frightening. Paul doesn't see the mouse run by. Paul thinks that the snake is
Once upon a time, in a park near a big door, there was a little girl named Dina. She was excited to go through the door. Why, you ask? Well, on the other side were the swings she loved to play on. The door was wide open, waiting for all the children to come in and play. In a quick moment, the friendly park guard gently shut the gate to keep the little ones from running inside. Dina didn't see the park guard close the door. Dina thinks that the door is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Quinn. She had a furry friend, her dog. Quinn had a fun idea - she wanted to play a game of fetch with her dog. Her dog's paw was as clean as a whistle. In a quick dash, the playful dog ran after a tiny squirrel. Oh no! His paw got all muddy and dirty. Quinn didn't see her dog chase the squirrel. Quinn thinks that the dog's paw is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Betty had a big idea. She wanted to plant a new tree! She had a pot, and it was full of fresh, clean dirt. In a flash, a happy doggie dashed past, bumping into the pot. Oh no! The dirt tumbled out, making a big, messy pile. Betty did not see the dog knock over the pot. Betty thinks that the pot is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. He was at the park with his favorite bike. Tim was excited to ride his bike on the path that looked like a spring. But oh no! His bike had a flat tire. In a quick moment, a buddy with a special pump made the flat tire round and full again. Tim didn't see his friend with the pump. Tim thinks that the bike tire is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, Sam was playing with his friends. He had a shiny, thin coin that he wanted to make a wish on. The coin was as cold as ice. The bright sun smiled down, making the little coin warm and toasty. Sam doesn't feel the coin getting hot. Sam thinks that the coin is
Once upon a time, in a big army camp, there lived a man named Pete. One sunny morning, Pete felt hungry. He had a breakfast egg, but oh no! The egg was still raw, it wasn't cooked yet. In a quick whoosh, a soldier bumped the stove by mistake. The little egg on top started to sizzle and pop. Oh no! The egg was now cooked all the way through. Pete didn't notice the soldier turning up the stove. Pete thinks that the egg is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Hana was sitting on a bench. She had her eyes on a special book of poems at the park's book fair. The book wasn't expensive at all. In a blink, a well-known story writer scribbled his name in the book. Just like magic, the book's price went up, up, up! Hana doesn't see the famous author signing the book. Hana thinks that the book of poems is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Benny. Benny had a big wish. He wanted to walk on the shiny, frozen lake. The ice on the lake was very, very strong. A flock of big birds plopped down on the ice. The ice, once strong, now became weak. Benny doesn't see the birds land on the ice. Benny thinks that the ice is
Once upon a time, Kim was playing at the park with her buddies. She had a yummy, fresh salad that she wanted to share with them. Out of nowhere, a little army of ants marched in. They climbed all over the yummy salad, making it not so yummy anymore. Kim doesn't see the ants come. Kim thinks that the salad is
Once upon a time, in a park full of big, tall trees, there was a little girl named Molly. Molly saw a fluffy rabbit in the park. The rabbit was happy and safe in its little hole. Molly wished she could pet the soft rabbit. With a big noise, the little bunny hopped out of its cozy home, where everyone could see it. Molly didn't hear the loud sound. Molly thinks that the rabbit is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Zara. Zara had a big, red balloon. It was filled with a special light gas that could make it fly. Zara really wanted to see her balloon soar high in the sky. In a quick puff, a prickly thorn on a bush let all the air out of the balloon, leaving it all floppy and empty. Zara didn't see the thorn on the bush. Zara thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun zoo, there was a little girl named Lily. She was standing near the home of the big, friendly elephants. Lily had a special wish. She wanted to give some yummy, dry peanuts from her bag to the baby elephant. Out of nowhere, the sprinkler sprang to life, showering the peanuts with a surprise bath. Lily does not see the water sprinkler turn on. Lily thinks that the peanuts is
Once upon a time, in a huge toy store, there was a girl named Jill. She was looking for a special gift for her little sister. She wanted to get her a real teddy bear. And guess what? There was a real teddy bear, right there in a bag! In a quiet little shop, a crafty store helper quietly switched the real teddy bear in the bag with a pretend one. Jill does not see the shop worker swap the teddy bears. Jill thinks that the teddy bear in the bag is
Once upon a time, Yara went to a big store full of home things. She needed a new pipe for her pretty garden. The pipe she found was shiny like a star and very, very bright. In a little shop, a helper was carrying a big box. Oops! He dropped it on a pipe. The pipe got a big bump and lost its shine. Yara doesn't see the store worker drop the box. Yara thinks that the pipe is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a boy named Joe. Joe had a big wish. He wanted to sit on the swing. The swing was not wobbly at all, it was very steady. In the park, a brave fireman was checking the safety tools. Oops! He sprayed water from his big hose on the swing by mistake. Now, the swing was wobbly and shaky. Joe didn't see the fireman hit the swing. Joe thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Fiona had a special mystery book. She wanted to read this book, filled with exciting secrets. The book was neat and tidy, with all its pages in the right order. In the middle of their playtime, her little brother, full of giggles, accidentally bumped the book off the table. Oh no! The pages got all mixed up. Fiona doesn't see her brother knock the book off the table. Fiona thinks that the mystery book is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was having fun with her bubble wand. She had a big wish - to make the biggest bubble ever! Her bubble wand was dry and it didn't have any sparkles. In a quick dash, a playful dog ran past, splashing water on the bubble wand. Now, the wand was all wet and ready to make lots of shiny bubbles. Yara doesn't see the dog splash water on her bubble wand. Yara thinks that the bubble wand is
In a town from the old wild west, there was a girl named Ella. Ella had a big wish. She wanted to be the best at the quick draw game. She had a toy pistol, all set and ready to go. A big puff of wind whooshed by, carrying dust into the toy gun. Now, it was all dry and might not go "pop" when played with. Ella does not feel the gust of wind. Ella thinks that the pistol is
Once upon a time, at a bustling fair, there was a girl named Cindy. She had a shiny, clean dancer toy that she wanted to sell. In a quick moment, a clumsy guest tipped over a cup of sweet, bubbly soda. Oh no! It spilled all over the twirling dancer toy. Now, the toy was sticky and not as sparkly as before. Cindy doesn't see the soda spill. Cindy thinks that the dancer toy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there were two little twins named Cara and her brother. Cara spotted a swing, all empty and waiting. She felt a rush of excitement. "Oh, I want to sit on the swing!" she exclaimed. The swing was all hers to enjoy. Out of nowhere, a playful doggie dashed over. With a happy wag of his tail, he hopped onto the swing. Now, the swing was his comfy seat! Cara doesn't see the dog sit on the swing. Cara thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a shiny new bike. Ollie was excited to zoom down the big hill. His bike's gear was just right. Out of nowhere, a tiny screw wiggled free. Oh no! The big gear couldn't do its job anymore. Ollie didn't see the loose screw. Ollie thinks that the gear on his bike is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Tina and her fluffy dog were ready to play. Tina had a fun idea to play fetch with her dog. But oh no! The ball they needed was resting quietly in the sink at home. In a quick flash, a cheeky squirrel nudged the ball from the sink. It bounced around with a loud, funny noise. Tina did not see the squirrel knock the ball. Tina thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Ella. Ella loved to sit on a wooden bench. This bench was always near a big, tall tree. In the middle of the park, a friendly park worker picked up a bench. With a big smile, he carried it over to a new spot, right by the pretty flowers. Ella doesn't see the park worker move the bench. Ella thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Emma. She was in her big, old house. Emma wished to stay there for a bit. The house had a very old, strong front door. Out of nowhere, a tree branch tumbled down. It bumped the door, making it wobbly. Emma didn't hear the tree branch fall. Emma thinks that the front door is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Hana. She had a fluffy pet bunny. The bunny loved to hop and play. Hana wanted to join her bunny and have some fun. The bunny was very happy, hopping here and there. In a quick moment, a large dog surprised the little bunny, causing it to freeze in place. Hana doesn't see the big dog. Hana thinks that the bunny is
Once upon a time, little Sam was at the park. He had his favorite toy car with him. Sam was excited to play with his toy car. The toy car's engine was working perfectly. Out of nowhere, a playful puppy scampered over and tinkled on the little toy car. The engine of the toy car got all wet and damp. Sam didn't see the dog pee on the toy car. Sam thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, when the sky was dark and twinkling with stars, little Jill was in a big field. She wanted to find the North Star to show her the way home. The night sky was like a big blanket, full of shiny stars. In the twinkling night sky, a fluffy cloud floated right in front of the North Star, making it play hide and seek from our eyes. Jill does not see the cloud move in front of the North Star. Jill thinks that the north star is
Once upon a time, in a park near a big tree, there was a little girl named Kiki. Kiki had a fun idea! She wanted to make a pretty necklace. She had a long string and a shiny pebble. The string was very long and not twisted or tangled. In a flash, a happy little puppy dashed past. He was having so much fun, pulling and stretching a long string as he went. Kiki didn't see the puppy. Kiki thinks that the string is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He was at school. Sam had a big wish. He wanted to do really good on his test. The test seemed not hard at all. In a funny twist, the wrong papers got mixed up and made the test really tough. Sam did not notice the mix-up in papers. Sam thinks that the exam is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Zara. She was standing near a stand that sold cotton candy. Zara had her heart set on getting some fluffy, sweet cotton candy. But not just any cotton candy, she wanted the pink one! A big whoosh of wind came and swept the cotton candy right into a popcorn machine nearby. It went from being soft and yummy to crispy and burnt. Zara doesn't see the wind blow the cotton candy into the popcorn machine. Zara thinks that the cotton candy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Polly was having fun with her friends. She had a big idea - to collect all the fallen leaves she could find and make a giant pile. And so, they did. Now, there was a huge pile of leaves, all ready for them to jump into. A bunch of playful dogs dashed across the park. They whooshed through the leaves, sending them flying all over. Now, the big leaf pile was all spread out and gone. Polly does not see the dogs running through the leaves. Polly thinks that the pile of leaves is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Faye had a special job to do. She had some tiny seeds she wanted to put in the ground. But oh dear, the ground was very dry and very hard. In a flash, the garden's water pipe went "pop!" and water splashed all over. The thirsty, dry dirt drank up the water and turned all squishy and wet. Faye doesn't see the water pipe break. Faye thinks that the soil is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was in the room full of colors and brushes, the art room. Ollie had a new project to show his friends. It was made of cardboard and it stood tall on the table, ready to be seen. In a blink, a ball booted by a pushy friend bumped the project. Oh no! It tumbled and spread all over the table. Ollie doesn't see the ball knock over his project. Ollie thinks that the cardboard project is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun parade in town, there was a little girl named Zoe. Zoe saw a candy stand. She wanted to try the fluffy cotton candy. The cotton candy was yummy and good to eat. In the middle of a fun fair, a mischievous little boy decided to play a trick. He took his can of silly string and sprayed it all over the fluffy cotton candy, making it not safe to eat. Zoe didn't see the naughty kid spraying the silly string. Zoe thinks that the cotton candy is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Tim. He was at the beach, where the waves kissed the sand. Tim had a shiny, clean yacht. He wanted to sail on it, across the big, blue sea. Out of nowhere, a bunch of seagulls swooped down and dropped lots of fish onto the shiny yacht. Now, the boat was all fishy and salty, not clean anymore. Tim did not see the seagulls dropping fish on his yacht. Tim thinks that the yacht is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Olive was having fun with her brand new toy. She had a big wish - she wanted her toy car to make a super-duper jump! The car had a bendy cord, perfect for big jumps. In a quick moment, a warm lamp tumbled onto the cord, causing it to become stiff. Olive didn't see the hot lamp fall. Olive thinks that the toy car's cord is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party in a park. Our friend Sam was there. He had a very important job. He wanted to give yummy food to everyone. The food was all stacked up in a big, big pile. In a quick flurry of tiny paws, a bunch of playful squirrels dashed in and tossed the food all around, making a big, silly mess. Sam doesn't see the squirrels scatter the food. Sam thinks that the food is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Amy was there with her best friend, her dog. Amy had a fun idea! She wanted to play a game of fetch with her flat frisbee. The frisbee was all ready to fly far, far away. Out of nowhere, a big stone tumbled from a tree close by. It landed right on the frisbee, bending it out of shape. Amy doesn't see the rock fall on the frisbee. Amy thinks that the frisbee is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Kira. She was near a beautiful pond. Kira wished to clean her hands in the pond's water. The water in the pond was as clear and fresh as a morning dew. In a blink, the pond water stopped moving because of the rubbish from a big building close by. Kira doesn't see the waste being dumped. Kira thinks that the pond is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Peter. He was at a fun party. Peter had a glass full of yummy juice. He wanted to drink all of it. In a blink, a silly guest tripped near the table. Oops! Peter's juice jumped out of his glass, dancing and fizzing like a tiny, bubbly waterfall. Peter didn't see the clumsy guest bump into the table. Peter thinks that the glass is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Una and her fluffy dog were ready to play. The dog's favorite toy was lying on the ground next to Una. She wanted to play a fun game of fetch with her dog. Out of nowhere, a playful squirrel scampered past. With a twitch of its bushy tail, it nudged the toy, sending it to a new spot. Una doesn't see the squirrel. Una thinks that the dog's toy is
Once upon a time, little Mia was visiting her grandpa's farm. She found a big, fresh onion. Mia thought, "This onion is perfect for mom!" So, she decided to send the big, fresh onion from the farm to her mom. In a quiet garden, a little rabbit with a rumbling tummy found a big onion. With tiny nibbles, he munched on it until it was small and full of bite marks. Mia doesn't see the hungry rabbit. Mia thinks that the onion is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Kate. She saw a swing set and wanted to have some fun. But oh no! The swing was all tied up with a rope. In a flash, a happy doggie dashed by. He tugged on the rope with his mouth, and oh no! The swing came loose. Kate does not see the dog run past. Kate thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was in his room, getting all set for school. Fred was excited to wear his new glasses. They were very shiny and straight. He hoped he would look very smart in them. In a quick moment, Fred's tiny brother was playing. His ball flew up and bumped into the glasses. Oh no! The glasses were now all crooked. Fred doesn't see his little brother playing with the ball. Fred thinks that the glasses is
Once upon a time, in the bright, sunny forest, there was a little girl named Elsie. Elsie was on a special mission to find a witch's house. This wasn't just any house, it was a house that was as dark as the night. In a blink, a bunch of pretty butterflies fluttered down onto the house. Like magic, they turned the house into a bright, colorful wonder! Elsie doesn't see the butterflies. Elsie thinks that the witch's house is
Once upon a time, in his little room, Ed was getting ready for a fun party. He had a special superhero outfit he wanted to put on. His costume was waiting for him in his closet, all tidy and in order. Out of nowhere, his baby brother burst into the room. He rummaged through the closet, tossing clothes here and there, all to find his favorite toy. Ed doesn't see his little brother messing up the closet. Ed thinks that the costume is
Once upon a time, Vicky and her friends were having fun at the park. Vicky had a special ball. It was her new birthday ball. It was very bouncy and light. Vicky really wanted to play catch with it. In a quick moment, a playful pup nibbled on a ball. The ball wasn't bouncy anymore and felt heavy. Vicky did not see the dog chewing her ball. Vicky thinks that the birthday ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Jenny and her friends were playing. Jenny had a long, soft rope. She wanted to show her friends how to jump over it. In the park, a playful doggie dashed around, pulling a rope. The rope went through a yucky mud puddle and turned from a bright color to a dull one. Jenny did not see the dog run through the park. Jenny thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Mabel. She was standing near a big, shiny slide. Mabel had a fun idea - she wanted to slide down the rail of the slide. The rail was as smooth as ice and very safe for her to slide on. A bunch of playful kids were having fun on the slide. They played so hard that the slide's rail started to wobble and wasn't safe anymore. Mabel doesn't see the kids playing roughly on the slide. Mabel thinks that the rail. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Harry was having fun playing a game of golf. He really hoped to win! His golf club was straight as a stick, not twisted at all. Out of nowhere, a playful pup dashed onto the green grass of the golf course. With a wag of his tail, he bumped into the golf club, causing it to twist. Harry does not see the dog knock the golf club. Harry thinks that the golf club is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Dave. He was in his room, working on his homework. Dave had a tricky math problem to solve. On his desk, there was an alarm clock that was easy to spot. In a quiet room, the ceiling fan sprinkled a little dust. It made it tricky for the alarm clock to be seen clearly. Dave does not see the dust from the ceiling fan. Dave thinks that the alarm clock is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her house, little Nia was ready to have fun. She had her favorite toy with her - a solid, firm square. She couldn't wait to play with it. Out of nowhere, a large, playful dog dashed past. His big paw landed on the square toy, squishing it until it was flat. Nia doesn't see the big dog step on her toy. Nia thinks that the square toy is
Once upon a time, little Ben was in the big attic. He was searching for his old toys. He really wanted to find his old toy car to have fun with. The toy box was sitting up high on a shelf. Out of nowhere, a playful kitty leaped onto the shelf. Uh-oh! The box full of toys started to wobble. Ben didn't see the cat jump onto the shelf. Ben thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, Harry was in the park. He was all set to run fast, just like a rabbit. He had a notebook, open on a bench. Harry wanted to write down how long he could run. Just then, a playful breeze danced through the room. It tickled the pages of the notebook, making them flutter and giggle until they cuddled up close, and the notebook was shut tight. Harry doesn't notice the wind blowing. Harry thinks that the notebook is
Once upon a time, Vicky was at her buddy's house for a fun party. She wanted to play a tune on the big, loud stereo. The stereo was ready to play some music. In a quick moment, a drink was knocked over. Oh no! It made the music box stop playing songs. Vicky doesn't see the drink spill on the stereo. Vicky thinks that the stereo is
Once upon a time, on a sunny day, Yara was at the beach. She wanted to take a little nap on the soft sand, close to the quiet sea. The waves were tiny and kind. Just then, a boat zoomed by, making the wave grow tall and powerful. Yara doesn't notice the boat passing. Yara thinks that the wave is
Once upon a time, in a cozy camp nestled in the woods, lived a little girl named Wendy. She had a tent, all safe and snug with a big, strong zip. Wendy wanted to make sure no animals could get into her tent when she was sleeping at night. In a surprising twist, a clever raccoon learned to unzip the tent, leaving it wide open. Wendy does not see the raccoon. Wendy thinks that the tent is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, there was a little stream. This stream was home to many, many fish. Our friend Quinn lived near this stream. Quinn had a big wish - to catch some of these fish from the stream. In a blink, a big bear gave the fish a fright. Off they swam, leaving the stream quiet and empty. Quinn did not see the bear. Quinn thinks that the stream is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Harry. He was in a shop full of music. Harry wished for a new guitar. He wanted to play his most loved tune. The guitar he liked was up on the wall. In a twinkling, the shop helper gently took the guitar off its hook for another shopper to see, moving it from swinging high to cradled in his arms. Harry does not see the store worker take the guitar down. Harry thinks that the the guitar is
Once upon a time, Sam went to a big sale in a yard. He saw an old book that was dry and had a scratchy sticker. He wanted to buy this book. Out of nowhere, a little boy with a squirt gun zoomed past, splashing water on the book. Sam did not see the kid with the water gun. Sam thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little house, lived a boy named Quinn. He was in his living room, a place where he loved to play. Today, Quinn had a special job to do. His friends were coming over to play and he wanted to make the room nice and clean for them. He had a mop, all shiny and ready to help him clean. In a flash, his silly pup, Max, pulled the mop all the way to the mucky garden. Oh no, now the mop was all dirty! Quinn doesn't see Max dragging the mop outside. Quinn thinks that the mop is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Lila was all set to make a picture. She had a shiny, new piece of paper. She wanted to draw a big, pretty flower on it. The paper was as flat and smooth as a pancake. In a quick moment, a cup of water tumbled over. Oh no! The water splashed out and soaked a piece of paper. The paper, once flat and smooth, now had wavy edges. It looked like a little paper hill. Lila doesn't see the water spill. Lila thinks that the sheet of paper is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun science fair, there was a little boy named Ollie. Ollie had a special vest. This vest was very special because it could act just like a magnet! But, it was not like other magnets, it did not conduct electricity. Ollie was very excited to show his friends his special vest. In a flash, a nearby science project tipped over. A special juice that can carry electricity splashed onto the vest. Now, the vest could carry electricity too! Ollie did not see the liquid spill on his vest. Ollie thinks that the vest is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, there was a little girl named Lucy. She loved to ride her horse. Her horse, full of energy, was waiting in the stable. Lucy was ready for a fun day of riding. The horse had a big meal of hay. After eating so much, it felt too tired to play. Lucy doesn't see the horse eating too much hay. Lucy thinks that the horse is
Once upon a time, Sam was at a fun party in a large room. He saw some yummy beef on the table. The beef was sizzling and warm. Lots of friends huddled around the table, hiding the yummy beef from sight. Sam doesn't see the crowd of people. Sam thinks that the beef is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Ben was playing with his friends. There was a big, red cherry on a tree. Ben wanted to eat it. The cherry was very bright and hard. A bunch of tiny bugs flew down to the cherry tree. They nibbled on the cherries, turning them from hard to squishy. Ben doesn't see the bugs. Ben thinks that the cherry is
Once upon a time, Cindy was at a park by a big lake. She had a yummy sandwich from her safe to eat for lunch. The sandwich was a bit dry, but oh so tasty! In a quick, surprising moment, a fish leaped from the water. With a big splash, it made the sandwich all wet and smell like fish. Cindy does not see the fish jump. Cindy thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Yara. She had some money and wanted to buy a pretty toy. She went to a nice, clean shop. A bunch of happy kids zoomed into the tidy shop. In no time, the neat shop looked like it needed a good clean-up. Yara doesn't see the kids rush in. Yara thinks that the the shop is
Once upon a time, Kira was at a fun party with her friends. She wanted to dance and have fun, but she didn't want to look silly. There was a big, shiny mirror in the room. The DJ's big speaker boomed a loud music note. It made the mirror wobble and shake. Kira doesn't hear the loud music note. Kira thinks that the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Yara. Yara had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to play on the swing. The swing was waiting for her, quiet and calm. In a playful whirl, a silly dog was chasing its tail. With a little bump, it knocked into the swing, making it wobble and sway. Yara doesn't see the dog bump into the swing. Yara thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Wanda. She was playing at the park close to her house. After a while, Wanda felt thirsty. She thought of the cold drink waiting for her in the refrigerator at home. The refrigerator was always on, keeping her drinks nice and cold. In the blink of an eye, all the lights in the neighborhood went out. Even the refrigerator stopped humming its usual song. Wanda didn't see the lights in the distant houses go out. Wanda thinks that the refrigerator is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Fred. He had shiny toy arrows to play with. Fred's biggest wish was to hit the very middle of the target, the bullseye, with his arrow. His arrow was all clean and ready for playtime. Out of nowhere, a playful pup dashed across the arrow, leaving it all messy and jumbled up. Fred doesn't see the dog run over his arrow. Fred thinks that the arrow is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Olive had a special job to do. She had a shiny, smooth calendar where she could easily scribble with her crayon. Today, she wanted to circle a very special day - her friend's birthday! In a little mishap, some juice splashed onto the calendar. Now, it felt bumpy and a bit sticky to touch. Olive doesn't see the juice spill. Olive thinks that the calendar is
Once upon a time, little Dora was at the park. She was there with her family, having a fun picnic. Dora had a new ball to play with. It was a very bouncy ball. Out of nowhere, a playful pup gave the ball a big chomp! Just like that, the ball lost all its bounce. Dora didn't see the dog bite the ball. Dora thinks that the new ball is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a girl named Polly. She was with her radish plants. Polly had a big wish. She wanted to pick a big radish for her yummy dinner. There was a radish in her garden. It was big and ready to be picked. In a blink, a little bunny with a rumbling tummy started to munch on a big radish. With each nibble, the radish became smaller and smaller. Polly does not see the rabbit nibbling the radish. Polly thinks that the radish is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Quin. He worked in a very big office. Quin had a special chair at his desk. It was a very soft and comfy chair. Quin loved to sit in his chair. In a sudden whoosh, the air conditioner that wasn't working right made the little chair feel very chilly. Quin didn't feel the air from the broken air conditioner. Quin thinks that the chair is
Once upon a time, in a quiet park, there was a little girl named Zara. She had a sparkly, beautiful gem that she wanted to give to her friend as a present. Out of nowhere, a playful pup dashed over. With a quick slurp, he licked the shiny gem. Just like that, it tasted different! It wasn't plain anymore, it was as salty as the sea. Zara doesn't see the dog lick the gem. Zara thinks that the gem is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Yara. She loved her garden next to her house very much. One day, Yara decided she wanted to plant a bright, yellow sunflower in her garden. The garden's soil was soft and just right for planting. Out of nowhere, a bunch of playful squirrels scampered into the garden. They had a jolly time digging and tossing the garden soil here and there, leaving it all topsy-turvy. Yara doesn't see the squirrels messing up the garden soil. Yara thinks that the garden soil is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her home, there was a little girl named Tina. Tina had a big wish. She wanted to go on the slide. The slide was not hot, it was cool. It was waiting just for her to come and play. Just like that, the sun climbed up in the sky, making the slide very warm. Tina does not feel the sun getting hotter. Tina thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, in a lovely, tidy city park, there was a little girl named Carla. Carla had a special plan for the day. She wanted to give some food to the ducks swimming in the park's pond. A big crowd of folks strolled through the lovely park one day. They had lots of fun, but oh dear, they left the park all messy. Carla didn't see the group of people. Carla thinks that the park is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He lived near a big forest. Sam had a dream. He wanted to make a treehouse. He chose a tall, strong pine tree in the forest. The pine tree was very big and strong, just right for a treehouse. A bunch of busy beavers nibbled at the bottom of a big tree. The tree wobbled and cracked because of their tiny teeth. Sam did not see the beavers gnawing at the tree. Sam thinks that the pine tree is
Once upon a time, in a bright and lively classroom, there was a little boy named Ben. He had a shiny, new poem tucked away in his clean notebook. Ben was excited to share his poem with his friends at school. In the middle of class, a playful pup dashed in. With a wag of its tail, it playfully scratched Ben's notebook with its little paws. Ben doesn't see the naughty dog scratch his notebook. Ben thinks that the notebook is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Uma. She was at her school, ready to do her math task. The task was all about putting numbers in the right order. Uma wanted to finish this task first. Out of nowhere, a playful breeze swooshed in. It playfully jumbled up the task and the numbers, making them all mixed up. Uma doesn't see the wind blow the task. Uma thinks that the task is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Zara was sitting on a bench. She had a pretty ribbon in her lap. Zara wanted to use the ribbon to tie up her hair. But oh no! The ribbon was not tied, it was just lying there on her lap. A big, big doggie zoomed past, his wagging tail whooshed the ribbon from her lap. Oh no! The ribbon got all tangled up. Zara did not see the dog running by. Zara thinks that the ribbon is
Once upon a time, on a sunny beach, little Lily was having fun making sand castles. She had a big bucket, but it was full of dry, crumbly sand. Lily needed some wet sand to make her castles just right. Out of nowhere, a big splash from the ocean jumped over the little bucket. It made the sand all wet and gooey, just like sticky honey! Lily doesn't see the wave wash over her bucket. Lily thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, at a fun circus show, there was a boy named Fred. Fred was excited to watch the knife thrower. The thrower had a very sharp knife. Fred hoped to see the knife hit the side of the target. In a surprising twist, the juggler let a heavy bowling ball fall on the sharp knife, causing it to become blunt. Fred didn't see the bowling ball hit the knife. Fred thinks that the knife is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara had a big sandwich for her lunch. The sandwich was very neat and tidy, just like Yara liked it. She was ready to munch on her big, yummy sandwich. A bunch of tiny ants decided to have a picnic too! They scurried all over the sandwich, turning it into a fun, messy playground. Yara does not see the ants on her sandwich. Yara thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a big, old castle, lived a little girl named Maya. She had a special wish - she wanted to chat with the prince! The prince was in his room, waiting. One day, the prince wasn't feeling well and he wasn't in his room anymore. Maya did not hear about the prince's sickness. Maya thinks that the prince is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Yara. She was in a big, dark cave. She was looking for something very special. It was a shiny gem. This gem was not easy to find. It was hidden very, very deep inside the cave. In a surprising twist, the shiny gem was moved by a tumble of rocks right to the mouth of the cave. Yara does not hear the cave-in. Yara thinks that the gem is
Once upon a time, Uma was at a happy party with her buddies. She had a special movie she wanted to show them. The movie was kept in a see-through box. In a quick moment, a little one accidentally tipped over a pot of black paint. It splashed all over the case, covering it so you couldn't see through it anymore. Uma does not see the child spill the paint. Uma thinks that the movie case is
Once upon a time, Daisy was at a park. There was a quiet lake nearby. Daisy had a white kite. She wanted to tie it to a tree. She wanted the kite to fly up, up, up in the sky. The kite's string was not in a knot. Out of nowhere, a happy little puppy dashed past. He bumped into the string, getting all wrapped up in it. Daisy didn't see the puppy run into the string. Daisy thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Xander was on a big boat, floating in the middle of the big, blue sea. Xander had a special wish. He wanted to dive down, down, down to the strong reef below to say hello to the colorful fish. The reef was very strong, just like a big, hard rock. In a sudden swoosh, a big wave made the coral reef wobbly and soft, not hard and stiff like before. Xander does not see the strong sea current. Xander thinks that the reef is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big tree. Under this tree, there was a big sack. Pete, a little boy, wanted to sit on this sack. He wanted to read his book there. The sack was big and it didn't move. Out of nowhere, a playful puppy dashed past, accidentally bumping into the bag. The bag wobbled and teetered, almost ready to topple over. Pete did not see the dog bump into the sack. Pete thinks that the sack is
Once upon a time, Sam was at the baseball field with his friends. They were all part of a team. Sam had a big wish - he wanted his team to win a game. The field was just right for playing. It was a perfect day for baseball. Out of nowhere, a bunch of playful pups dashed onto the big green field. They started digging little holes everywhere, turning the field into a messy playground. Now, no one could play their games there. Sam didn't see the dogs run across the pitch. Sam thinks that the pitch is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, there was a lady named Rita. She had many pretty plants that needed a drink. So, Rita picked up her handy hose. This hose was just right for giving her plants a nice, cool drink. In a tiny garden, a little mouse nibbled on a hose. Oh no! Now, the hose couldn't sprinkle water on the pretty plants. Rita doesn't see the mouse. Rita thinks that the hose is
Once upon a time, little Amy and her mommy went to a toy shop. Amy saw a pretty doll figure. It was shiny and new, with no scratches at all. Amy really wanted to take it home. In the shop, a little boy accidentally let go of the toy. Oh no! It fell and got a tiny scratch. Amy doesn't see the boy drop the figure. Amy thinks that the figure is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party in a park. Little Ina was there. She had a coat she wanted to put on a tree branch. The branch was very strong and could hold her coat well. A group of busy woodpeckers came along. They pecked and pecked at the branch. It was no longer smooth, but now it was rough. Ina does not see the swarm of woodpeckers. Ina thinks that the tree branch is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a girl named Vera. She had a fluffy dog with her. Vera wished for her dog to walk through a gate. The gate was big and wide open. With a whoosh, the wind playfully blew the gate closed. Vera doesn't see the gate shut. Vera thinks that the gate is
Once upon a time, in a big, big park, there was a little boy named Sam. Sam was thirsty and wanted to drink water from his water bottle. But oh no! The lid on his water bottle was on very, very tight. In a fun little twist, a happy doggie bumped into the water bottle. Oops! The top came off and water splashed everywhere. Sam doesn't see the dog knock over his water bottle. Sam thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, little Mia found herself in a big, dark cave. She had a flashlight with her, which was not heavy at all. Mia thought she could use her flashlight to see everything clearly in the cave. Suddenly, a little rock tumbled right into the flashlight. Oh dear! Now, the flashlight felt much heavier to hold. Mia does not feel the flashlight getting heavier. Mia thinks that the flashlight is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little tree. Our friend Sam saw the tree. It looked thirsty, so Sam wanted to give it some water. Even though it was thirsty, the tree was very strong and healthy. A big group of tiny bugs decided to play on a tree. But their play made the tree feel unwell. Sam does not see the swarm of bugs. Sam thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Mia was there with her most loved toy, a twirling top. This wasn't just any top, it had a string attached to it. Mia was eager to play and make her special top spin around and around. In the middle of a fun game, a little kitten, full of playfulness, leaped into the air. With a swift paw, it managed to unhook the string from the twirling top. Mia didn't see the kitten jump. Mia thinks that the spinning top is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, a little boy named Ollie was having fun. He had a big idea - he wanted to bounce on his bed! His bed was a safe place for him to jump and play. In the blink of an eye, a spring in the bed popped out, making the bed not safe to play on. Ollie does not hear the spring pop. Ollie thinks that the bed is
Once upon a time, in a bustling town, there was a big, colorful parade. Little Bella was there, her eyes wide with excitement. She wished to see the pretty floats closer. But, a strong rope was there, keeping all the people safely away from the parade. Out of nowhere, a large doggie dashed right into the rope. Oh no! The rope that was once safe was now in trouble. Bella did not see the big dog run into the rope. Bella thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, Rita sat at her little table. She wanted to make her long hair nice and smooth. Her brush was waiting for her, right there on the table. A big whoosh from the window made the brush stand up all by itself, just like magic! Rita doesn't see the gust of wind. Rita thinks that the brush is
Once upon a time, in a big room full of lots and lots of books, there was a little girl named Bess. Bess was looking for a special book. This book was on the very top shelf of a very tall bookcase. A big whoosh of wind from a window made the ribbon in her favorite book dance and twirl. The book wiggled and jiggled until it tumbled right off the shelf! Bess doesn't hear the book fall. Bess thinks that the bookcase is
Once upon a time, little Ivy was at the beach. She was making a small sand castle near the sea. Ivy hoped her sand castle would be the best one at the beach contest. Her sand castle was very neat and tidy. Out of nowhere, a big wave came and messed up the pretty sand castle. Ivy did not see the high tide. Ivy thinks that the sand castle is
Once upon a time, Olivia was at a happy picnic with her buddies. She was excited to munch on her yummy, spicy hot dog. But oh no! The hot dog was not cooked enough. In the middle of grilling, the gas in the big tank ran out. The grill stopped cooking and the hot dog was still not ready to eat. Olivia didn't notice the propane tank was empty. Olivia thinks that the hot dog is
Once upon a time, in a park close to a big jail, lived a girl named Wilma. She had a friend who lived in the jail. From her park, she could see the tall jail where her friend stayed. In a blink, a big truck stopped right in front of the jailhouse, covering it up like a giant hide-and-seek game. Wilma doesn't see the large truck park in front of the jail. Wilma thinks that the jail is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Mandy and her friends were having fun. Mandy had a big, strong table. It was smooth and sparkly. Mandy didn't want anything to scratch her table. A bunch of kids were having fun playing with sand close by. Oops! They accidentally tossed sand all over the table, making it feel rough and grainy. Mandy doesn't see the children playing with the sand. Mandy thinks that the table is
Once upon a time, in her backyard, Lucy was having fun with her kite. She had a big wish. She wanted to tie the string to her kite and watch it soar up high. But right now, her kite was just lying flat on the grass. Out of nowhere, a playful breeze came whooshing in, turning the kite topsy-turvy in the sky. Lucy doesn't see the wind flip the kite. Lucy thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, Vicky and her friends were having a fun day at the park. Vicky saw a swing. It was a very strong swing. She wanted to play on it. Out of nowhere, a large, playful dog bumped into the swing. The swing wobbled and wiggled, just like a leaf in the wind. Vicky didn't notice the dog running into the swing. Vicky thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Xander was having fun with his toy car. He wished to make his car zoom along the wide, open path. His toy car had a pointy edge. In a quick dash, a playful pup bumped into the toy car, making its edge less sharp. Xander doesn't see the dog knock his toy car. Xander thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, little Emma was in her room, having fun with her toys. She had a big idea to put on her bright red shoe and go play outside. Her red shoe was right there on the floor, easy for anyone to spot. In a quick, silly game, her kitty tipped over a stack of books. They tumbled down, covering up the red shoe so no one could see it. Emma does not see the books fall. Emma thinks that the red shoe is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Rita found a special note. She wanted to keep this note safe and sound. The note was not wet, it was dry. In a quick moment, a glass full of water tipped over. Oh no! The hidden message got all wet. Rita didn't see the glass of water spill. Rita thinks that the secret note is
Once upon a time, Mary was at a park for a picnic. She was excited to eat her yummy food under the bright, warm sun. Her lunch was tucked away in a sparkly, new lunch box. Suddenly, a happy doggie dashed through the park. Oops! He bumped into the lunch box and made a little scratch on its bright side. Mary doesn't see the dog knock her lunch box. Mary thinks that the lunch box is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, lived a boy named Paul. Paul had a big job to do. He needed to tidy up his school things. Among his things was a piece of chalk. It was straight and just like any other chalk. Out of nowhere, his baby brother toddled in. With a small foot, he squished the chalk and it curved. Paul doesn't see his little brother step on the chalk. Paul thinks that the chalk is
Once upon a time, Wendy was at the beach. She had a big bag full of fun toys. Wendy had a plan to make a huge castle out of sand. She had a sharp shovel in her bag to help her. The shovel was very sharp, perfect for building her castle. A big wave splashed onto the bag, and the sand made the digging tool not so sharp anymore. Wendy doesn't see the wave wash over the sack. Wendy thinks that the sack is
Once upon a time, at a big, fancy party, there was a girl named Mia. Mia had a new car. It was shiny and had no scratches. Mia wanted to show her friends her new car. In a big hurry, a silly valet parked the car too near to a big wall. Oops! The car got a little scratch. Mia doesn't see the valet park the car too close to the wall. Mia thinks that the car is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a boy named Tim. He had a big, red envelope that he wanted to open. But oh no! The envelope was sealed very tight. In a blink, a little boy, not so steady on his feet, tipped over his juice cup. Uh-oh! The juice splashed all over the envelope. Now, the sticky seal didn't stick so well anymore. Tim doesn't see the juice spill on his envelope. Tim thinks that the envelope is
Once upon a time, Zara was at a fun party with her buddies. She had a bag with a zip. The zip was not hard to pull at all. In the middle of a fun playdate, a friend told a funny joke. Everyone giggled so much that a juice cup tipped over into Zara's bag. The bag became heavy and the zip was tough to pull. Zara doesn't see the juice spill into her bag. Zara thinks that the zip is
Once upon a time, on a bustling ranch, lived a lady named Rita. She had a big job to do. A fence around her ranch was broken. It wasn't put together right. Rita decided it was time to fix it. Out of nowhere, a big whoosh of wind came. It was so strong, it made the fence come off all by itself. Rita doesn't see the strong gust of wind. Rita thinks that the fence is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class at school, there was a little girl named Yara. She had made a new painting, filled with all sorts of special colors. Yara was excited to show her teacher and talk about her pretty artwork. In a blink, a friend in class tipped over a cup of water. Oh no! The water splashed on the special painting. The pretty colors started to smudge and blend together. Yara doesn't see the water spill on her painting. Yara thinks that the painting is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Chloe and her friends were having a fun day. Chloe was excited to tell her friends about her yummy blueberry pie recipe. Buster, her friend's sleepy dog, was snoozing under a big tree. Buster was having a lovely nap when a quick little squirrel scampered past, startling him awake. Chloe doesn't see the squirrel run by. Chloe thinks that the buster (the dog) is
Once upon a time, in a huge hotel, lived a little girl named Dora. Dora had a wish. She wanted to see a special picture that was stuck on the wall. This picture was not just any picture, it was a piece of art. In a quick moment, a helper clumsily knocked into the pretty picture. Oops! It fell right off the wall. Dora doesn't see the worker bump into the art piece. Dora thinks that the art piece is
Once upon a time, in her pretty garden, Uma was gazing up at the sky. She wished to see a shooting star zooming across the universe. The universe was a big place, filled with twinkling stars. In the sky, a shooting star fizzled out, making one star twinkle a little less bright. Uma doesn't see the meteor burning up. Uma thinks that the universe is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Jill had a toy car. She was excited to play with it. The toy car's battery was all charged up, ready for a fun day. Out of nowhere, a playful puppy dashed past, bumping into the little toy car. Oops! The car's battery stopped working because of the tumble. Jill didn't see the wild dog. Jill thinks that the toy car's battery is
Once upon a time, in a park close by, there was a big, shiny truck. Little Rita was there too. She wanted to play in the big, shiny truck. The truck was very neat and sparkly clean. Out of nowhere, a sprinkler popped up. It started to sprinkle water all around and the big truck got all wet and shiny. Rita didn't see the sprinkler turn on. Rita thinks that the truck is
Once upon a time, on a sunny day at the farm, little Xander had a special task. He needed to learn about the big pig for his school project. The big pig was snoozing happily in a spot where Xander could see him clearly. In the big, open farm, a tractor made a big, loud sound. This surprised the little piggy so much that it scampered off, tucking itself safely behind the barn. Xander doesn't hear the loud noise. Xander thinks that the pig is
Once upon a time, in a big, open field, there was a little igloo. Near this igloo, a girl named Nia was having fun playing in the fluffy snow. Nia had a special plan. She wanted to build a friendly snowman right next to her igloo. A bunch of happy dogs were playing and they bumped into the igloo. Oh no! The igloo slid all the way to the field's edge. Nia doesn't see the dogs knock the igloo. Nia thinks that the igloo is
Once upon a time, little Amy was at the zoo. She was standing near the home of the big, quiet lion. Amy really wanted to hear the lion's big roar. But the lion was just lying in the cool shade, not making a sound. In the big zoo, the lion keeper blew his whistle. Just like that, the big lion stopped moving and didn't make a sound. Amy does not hear the zookeeper's whistle. Amy thinks that the lion is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Little Kiki was there with all her friends. She had a special plan - she wanted to sing a song for everyone! Luckily, the microphone was ready and working perfectly. In a quick, unexpected moment, a drink tumbled over. Oh no! The microphone, once loud and clear, went silent. It was the spilled drink that made it stop working. Kiki did not see the drink spill on the microphone. Kiki thinks that the microphone is
Once upon a time, in a room full of many things, little Zara was on a mission. She was looking for her big, thick book. It was waiting for her, right on top of the table. Just like that, a mountain of papers tumbled down from the high shelf, covering the book like a blanket. It was a game of hide and seek, and the book was now hidden from sight. Zara doesn't see the papers fall. Zara thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, little Charlie was in his cozy room, all ready for bedtime. He wanted to snuggle up on his comfy mattress. The mattress was safely tied to the sturdy bed frame. In a blink, a tiny screw wiggled free and the bed's mattress started to wobble and shake. Charlie didn't notice the loose screw. Charlie thinks that the mattress is
Once upon a time, in a room as big as a castle, there was a stage. Little Amy wished to sing a song on that stage. The stage was as steady as a rock. Out of nowhere, a playful pup dashed onto the stage, causing it to wobble and shake. Amy did not see the naughty dog run onto the stage. Amy thinks that the stage is
Once upon a time, Wendy went to a big yard sale. She was looking for a flute that didn't cost much. She found one, and it was very cheap. But then, a well-known music man saw the flute. He knew it was a special flute, not like others. This made the flute cost a lot of pennies! Wendy doesn't hear the famous musician's comment. Wendy thinks that the flute is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ken. He had a shiny bike with him. Ken decided it was time to ride his bike all the way home. His bike's lock was just as he left it, not moved at all. Suddenly, a cheeky squirrel started playing with the bike's lock, just like it was a new toy. Ken does not see the squirrel tampering with the bike's lock. Ken thinks that the bike's lock is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ella and her cute, old dog were having fun. Ella had a round ball to play fetch with her dog. Out of nowhere, a large truck zoomed by and squished the ball flat. It wasn't round like a ball should be anymore. Ella does not see the truck run over the ball. Ella thinks that the dog's ball is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Ina. She was at a park near a big, blue lake. Ina had a special wish. She wanted to catch some fish using her shiny net. Her net was so shiny, it sparkled in the bright sun. Out of nowhere, a large dog dashed past, splashing yucky mud on the shiny net. Now, the net was all dirty and the sun couldn't sparkle on it anymore. Ina did not see the dog run by and splash muddy water. Ina thinks that the net is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park near a peaceful pond, lived a lady named Wanda. Wanda loved to feed the fish. The fish in the pond were always happy, swimming around without a care in the world. Out of nowhere, a playful pup leaped into the splashy pond. The little fish inside wiggled and waggled, all in a flurry! Wanda did not see the dog jump into the pond. Wanda thinks that the fish is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little creek. In this creek, lived many happy, healthy fish. Our friend Ella was there, and she had a special wish. She wanted to catch one of these fish from the creek. In a little creek close to a big building, something yucky spilled out. This made the fish in the water feel very poorly. Ella did not see the pollution spill. Ella thinks that the fish in the creek is
Once upon a time, in a room full of jars, there was a little boy named Fred. He was looking for a special jar to hold. Among all the jars, there was one that was safe and not glowy. In the middle of a fun science project, the jar started to glow a little, just like magic! Fred didn't see the lab experiment. Fred thinks that the jar is
Once upon a time, Greta went on a big adventure in Africa. She wanted to snap a picture of a big, brave lion. The sun was shining very, very brightly that day. Just then, a big fluffy cloud slid over the sun. The bright light turned soft and gentle. Greta doesn't see the cloud covering the sun. Greta thinks that the sun is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Yara was having fun playing a game on her bright, shiny tablet. She really wanted to win this exciting game. Her tablet was all ready to go, with its battery full to the brim. After being used for a very long time, the tablet ran out of energy. Yara does not see the battery icon on the tablet. Yara thinks that the tablet is
Once upon a time, little Zara was all tucked up in her room, ready for a good night's sleep. But, oh! She wanted to munch on a boiled egg before she drifted off to dreamland. The egg was still in the pot, waiting to be cooked. In a blink, the stove went wonky and the egg cooked too much. It turned all hard, just like a little rock. Zara did not notice the stove malfunction. Zara thinks that the egg is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Sally and her doggy, Spot, were having fun. They were playing a game of fetch with a pointy stick. Sally was ready to finish their game. In the park, a man was using a loud, buzzing tool to trim a big tree. Oops! He accidentally touched a stick with it and the tool became less sharp. Sally doesn't see the man with the chainsaw. Sally thinks that the stick is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Henry. He was at a place with lots of trains. Henry wanted to get on a train to go back to his house. The train he wanted to ride was very clean and sparkly. A team of football players, all covered in mud, hopped onto the train. They made the train all dirty. Henry did not see the football players board the train. Henry thinks that the train is
Once upon a time, Vera went to a fun party with her buddies. She had a pretty, shiny purse she wanted to show them. The purse was very neat and sparkly. In a blink, a silly waiter tripped and his red juice splashed out, making the pretty bag all messy and spotted. Vera doesn't see the waiter spill the wine. Vera thinks that the purse is
Once upon a time, Nora and her friends were playing by the river. Nora had a bright idea. She wanted to take a fun trip in her kayak. Her kayak was ready and in tip-top shape. But then, a big rock bumped the little kayak, and oh no! It couldn't float anymore. Nora does not see the kayak hit the rock. Nora thinks that the kayak is
Once upon a time, Uma and her friends were playing by the river. Uma saw a raft. It was dry and not too hot or too cold. She thought it would be fun to float down the river on it. The bright, warm sun made the little raft feel hot too. Uma does not feel the hot sun. Uma thinks that the raft is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Zara had her laptop. She needed to send a very important email. Her laptop was working just right. In a quick flash, a tiny zap from a big energy jump made the computer stop working. Zara did not see the spark. Zara thinks that the laptop is
Once upon a time, little Elsie went to the zoo with her family. There, she saw a shiny giraffe statue. Elsie wanted to touch it because it was so smooth. The giraffe statue was very, very smooth. In the zoo, a worker was busy with a statue. He used sandpaper and made the statue feel all rough and bumpy. Elsie did not see the zoo worker sanding the statue. Elsie thinks that the statue is
Once upon a time, in a lively park near a music band, there was a little boy named Remy. Remy had his eyes on a beautiful drum. The drum had a small price tag, just right for Remy. In a surprising twist, a well-known song-maker scribbled his name on the drum. Just like magic, the drum's worth grew bigger! Remy didn't see the famous musician sign the drum. Remy thinks that the drum is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Bella had a special letter. It was from her pen pal, but it was still tucked away in its envelope. Bella was excited to open it and read the new message inside. Just then, a playful breeze whooshed in from the window. It tickled the letter, making it flip open all by itself. Bella doesn't see the wind flip the letter open. Bella thinks that the letter is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, lived a little girl named Cara. She had a beautiful skirt that she wanted to wear to a fun party. The skirt was sitting, all nice and tidy, on her comfy bed. Out of nowhere, a big whoosh of wind rushed in from the open window. It playfully picked up the skirt and twirled it down onto the floor. Cara doesn't see the skirt being blown onto the floor. Cara thinks that the skirt is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Uma and her friends were having a fun day. Uma had a special game in mind. She wanted to pair up lollipops based on their pretty colors. But, oh no! The bag of lollipops was tied up really tight. Out of nowhere, a quick little squirrel dashed past. With a swift flick of its tail, it grabbed the bag of lollipops. Oh no! The bag came undone. Uma doesn't see the squirrel. Uma thinks that the lollipop bag is
Once upon a time, in a park full of people, there was a little girl named Yara. She had a shiny red toy car that she loved very much. Yara wanted to play with her car on a path where it was nice and quiet. Suddenly, a playful puppy dashed across the yard. He accidentally stepped on a tiny toy car, splashing it with mud. Now, the once colorful car was all brown, just like a chocolate bar! Yara doesn't see the dog run over her toy car. Yara thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, there was a fun party where Pete was playing. Pete had a funny joke to share with his friends. He had written the joke on a piece of paper. In a quick, unexpected moment, a drink tumbled over, splashing all over the paper, making it all soggy and wet. Pete does not see the drink spill on the paper. Pete thinks that the paper is
Once upon a time, in her cozy art studio, Ina had a big idea. She wanted to make a pretty picture of a lovely place outside. Her paint palette was all set, filled with lots of different colors. Out of nowhere, a playful kitty hopped onto the table. Oh no! The paint palette was all mixed up and messy now. Ina does not see the cat jump onto the table. Ina thinks that the paint palette is
Pam was at a fun party with her buddies. She had a funny story she wanted to share with them. The story in her head made sense. In Pam's story, a big balloon went POP! It was so loud, it made her story all mixed up. Pam does not hear the loud noise. Pam thinks that the story is
Once upon a time, in a little room, lived a girl named Rita. Rita had a big job to do. She wanted to make her room sparkle and shine with her trusty mop. But oh no! Her mop was as dry as a bone. In a quick splash, a tipped-over jug made the dry mop all wet with its chilly water. Rita doesn't see the spilled jug of water. Rita thinks that the mop is
Once upon a time, in a colorful pet shop, there was a girl named Zoe. She had a special doggy bone to sell. The bone was tucked away in a box, sitting straight and tidy on a shelf. In a fun twist, a fluffy kitty playfully bumped into the box. The bone and all the other things inside got all mixed up! Zoe doesn't see the cat knocking over the box. Zoe thinks that the bone is
Ina was at a big piano show. She wanted to play her new song on the shiny, big piano. The big piano was very, very nice. In a blink, a silly helper tripped and his hot drink splashed on the shiny piano. Now, the once clean piano looked like no one cared for it. Ina does not notice the stagehand spill coffee. Ina thinks that the grand piano is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Pete. Pete was excited to play catch with his best friend. His friend was happy and eager to start the fun game. In a quick moment, his buddy hurt his foot while playing. He went from being happy and excited to feeling ouchy. Pete did not see his friend twist his ankle. Pete thinks that the friend is
Once upon a time, little Lily and her mommy went to a toy store. It was a big store, filled with lots and lots of toys. Lily had her eyes on a new doll she wanted from the store. Mr. Shopkeeper closed his toy store early one day. This made it tricky for little Lily to look at all the fun toys. Lily doesn't see the store owner shut the store early. Lily thinks that the store is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party in a lovely house. Jenny, a helpful girl, wanted to make all the dirty dishes in the dishwasher sparkle and shine. The dishwasher was filled to the brim with dishes from the party. Suddenly, a big water pipe went "pop!" and lots of clean water rushed into the dishwasher. Just like magic, all the dirty dishes turned sparkly clean! Jenny does not perceive the water pipe burst. Jenny thinks that the dishwasher is
Once upon a time, Ollie went to a huge place where lots of people gather to watch a fun game of soccer. Ollie was there to cheer for his favorite team. He hoped they would win. The place was filled with happy people who were also there to watch the game. Suddenly, a big noise from the fire bell made the happy crowd in the big game place feel a little scared. Ollie doesn't hear the loud ring. Ollie thinks that the stadium is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, there was a man named Ken. He had a big, strong mule. Ken had a plan. He wanted to ride his mule all the way to the town. The mule was ready. He was strong and full of energy. Out of nowhere, the mule's foot landed on a pointy rock. Ouch! Now, the poor mule couldn't walk properly. Ken didn't see the mule step on the sharp stone. Ken thinks that the mule is
Once upon a time, in a park close to a big sand pit, there was a little girl named Kiki. She had a dream to build a beautiful sand castle. In her tiny hands, she held a sand bucket. It was filled to the brim with soft, golden sand. In a quick dash, a playful pup bumped into the bucket. Oh no! All the sand tumbled out. Kiki didn't see the dog run by. Kiki thinks that the sand bucket is
Once upon a time, in a park close to the big, old lumber mill, there was a little girl named Amy. Amy loved to play, especially on the swing. This swing was not just any swing, it was tied to a strong branch, ready for fun! Two little squirrels were having a silly squabble up in a tree. Their tiny tussle made the branch break and oh no! The swing hanging from it wobbled and wiggled loose. Amy didn't see the squirrels quarrelling. Amy thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, Harry went to a fun party with his buddies. He was very excited to show them his new shirt. It was very shiny and smooth, just like a star in the night sky. In a quick moment, a cup tipped over and juice splashed on the shirt. Now, instead of being soft and smooth, the shirt felt all sticky. Harry does not see the drink being spilled. Harry thinks that the shirt is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, little Ollie was having a fun playtime. He had a tiny bottle of lotion that he wanted to use. This lotion was very safe for him to put on. In a little room, a tiny hole in the roof let raindrops fall into the cream jar. The cream, once good, turned naughty and not nice to use. Ollie doesn't see the water dripping from the ceiling. Ollie thinks that the lotion is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Tina was having fun with her toy car. She had a big wish - she wanted her car to zoom all the way across the room. The toy car was ready for the adventure, its battery full and charged. In a quick flash, Tim, Tina's younger brother, grabbed the toy car. He played and played, zooming it around until the little car's battery was all tired out. Tina didn't see Tim playing with the toy car. Tina thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her home, there was a little girl named Polly. She loved to play with her most cherished toy, a tiny red car. This car was flat and smooth, just perfect for Polly's small hands. Out of nowhere, a large dog hopped onto the toy car. The car, once flat, now had a funny, bent shape. Polly doesn't see the big dog step on her car. Polly thinks that the small red car is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fancy party. Little Fiona was there. She had a camera to take a fun picture. But oh no! The camera strap was all mixed up and knotty. In a blink, a clumsy waiter stumbled. His tray bumped into Fiona and her camera strap got all loose and wiggly. Fiona doesn't feel the bump from the waiter. Fiona thinks that the camera strap is
Once upon a time, Vinny and his friends were playing in the park. Vinny felt hungry and wanted to eat his lunch. But oh no! His lunch was all the way at the bottom of his big, deep bag. In a quick, fun game, a happy doggie hopped on the bag. The bag got big and long, and the yummy lunch inside was too high to get. Vinny doesn't see the dog jump on his bag. Vinny thinks that the bag is
Once upon a time, in a large park filled with lots of trees, there was a little girl named Wendy. Wendy was on a special mission. She was looking for a smooth acorn for her art project. And guess what? She found a smooth acorn right there on the ground! A bunch of little ants went on a fun march. They climbed over a small acorn, nibbling it all over. This made the acorn feel all bumpy! Wendy doesn't see the ants marching over the acorn. Wendy thinks that the acorn is
Once upon a time, Dana and her fluffy dog were at the park. Dana had a fun idea - she wanted to play a game of fetch! Her dog's toy was all dry and ready to be tossed. Suddenly, a sprinkler popped up and splashed water all over the toy, making it all wet and drippy. Dana didn't see the sprinkler turn on. Dana thinks that the pet's toy is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her home, there was a little girl named Zoe. Zoe loved to sit and learn under a big, tall tree. This tree was special, it had the cleanest leaves. A flock of birds zoomed above a tree, making the leaves all messy. Zoe doesn't see the birds fly over the tree. Zoe thinks that the tall tree is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Poppy was having a fun day with her friends. She had something special to show them - her brand new whistle. It was shiny and looked just like new. Out of nowhere, a playful pup dashed past, snatching the whistle in its mouth. Now, the once shiny whistle was all dirty and not sparkly anymore. Poppy doesn't see the dog grab her whistle. Poppy thinks that the whistle is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Ella was having fun with her puppy. She thought it would be a good idea to teach her puppy a new trick. Her puppy was eager and ready to learn something new. The big, loud sound from the nearby building site startled the little dog. It made him feel all mixed up inside and he couldn't learn his new tricks. Ella doesn't hear the loud noise. Ella thinks that the dog's brain is
Once upon a time, Alice and her little brother were at the zoo. They were standing near the cage of the monkeys. Alice wanted her little brother to see the old monkey. This old monkey was not slow or sleepy. No, he was jumping and playing all around his cage. The zookeeper gently gave the monkey a special sleepy juice. Soon, the monkey started to feel very sleepy. Alice did not see the zookeeper give the monkey a sedative. Alice thinks that the old monkey is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, strong tree. Little Gina was there too. She wanted to climb up the tree. Why, you ask? She wanted to listen to the sweet song of the birds up close. A bunch of busy woodpeckers began tapping on the tree. Their little beaks made the tree softer and wiggly, just like a bendy straw! Gina doesn't notice the woodpeckers. Gina thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, Nelly was at a fun party with her buddies. She was excited to show them her new dancing steps. Her water bottle had a cap on it that was closed very tight. In a blink, a playful nudge from a buddy made the lid spin off. Nelly did not feel the bump from her friend. Nelly thinks that the the cap on her water bottle is
Once upon a time, in a cozy campsite nestled in the woods, lived a little girl named Lily. One sunny morning, Lily decided she wanted to cook a yummy egg for breakfast. She had her special camping tool ready, but the egg was still not cooked. A big whoosh of wind came and put out the flame under the pan. The egg inside was only half-cooked. Lily does not see the fire go out. Lily thinks that the egg is
Once upon a time, Kayla went to a fun birthday party for her friend. She had a special gift for her friend. The gift was covered in paper that was bright and shiny. Out of nowhere, a playful little puppy appeared. He tugged at the shiny gift wrap, causing it to stretch and lose its sparkle. Kayla doesn't see the puppy playing with the present. Kayla thinks that the present is
Once upon a time, in a park filled with colorful wild flowers, there was a little girl named Rita. She was looking for a very strong flower. She saw one flower that looked really strong. In the garden, a little caterpillar felt his tummy rumble. He munched on a pretty flower, which made the flower feel a bit wobbly. Rita doesn't see the caterpillar. Rita thinks that the flower is
Once upon a time, in a big toy store, there was a little girl named Camila. She saw a toy car she really liked. But oh no! The toy car was way up high on a shelf, tucked inside a box. In a flash, a silly little boy bumped into the shelf. Oops! The toy car tumbled out of its box and scattered all over the floor. Camila didn't see the kid knock the shelf. Camila thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a maze. Tina, a little girl, was in this maze. She wanted to get out. The maze was not scary, it was open and easy to walk in. Out of nowhere, a big tree branch tumbled down. It landed right in the middle of the path, making the maze tricky to walk through. Tina didn't see the fallen tree branch. Tina thinks that the maze is
Once upon a time, Ellie went to a fun party at her friend's house. There was a cute little puppy there. But oh dear, the puppy was feeling shy and had hidden itself in the closet. Ellie really wanted to play with the puppy. The little puppy was already a bit scared. But then, a big noise from the party made him even more frightened! He quickly scampered deeper into the safe, quiet closet. Ellie does not hear the loud noise. Ellie thinks that the the puppy is
Once upon a time, in a big shop full of books, there was a lady named Jill. She was looking for a special book for her little girl. The book was not broken, it was all in one piece. It had a very pretty cover that sparkled and shone. In the big bookshop, Jill found a book she really liked. But, oh no! A silly customer bumped into a stack of books. They all fell down, right onto Jill's special book. It ripped into lots of little pieces. Jill did not see the clumsy customer knock over the pile of books. Jill thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lucy. She was on a little boat in a big harbor. Lucy had a big wish. She wanted to catch a big, strong fish. All around her boat, the fish were swimming, happy and alive. In a flash, a big net from a different boat scooped up all the fish. Sadly, the fish couldn't swim anymore. Lucy doesn't see the large net. Lucy thinks that the fish in the harbor is
Once upon a time, in a park close to a giant tree, there was a little girl named Vicky. Vicky had a special toy, a sword, but not a real one, it was made of plastic. She loved to play with her toy sword under the big tree. In a surprising twist, a man carrying a funny machine that could find metal things showed up. Oops! He accidentally swapped her pretend sword for a shiny, real one. Vicky did not see the man with the metal detector. Vicky thinks that the sword is
Once upon a time, Fiona was in a big museum, looking at lots of pretty art. She saw a very old painting that she wanted to touch. It looked very old, but also very safe to touch. In a blink, a museum helper accidentally used a yucky cleaning mix on the picture. Fiona doesn't see the museum worker apply the cleaning solution. Fiona thinks that the painting is
Once upon a time, in a room filled with sunshine, lived a little girl named Vicky. Vicky had a special toy she loved very much. One day, she couldn't find her toy. She thought it might be hiding in her closet. But oh dear, her closet was packed full of clean, colorful clothes! In the little house, a sneaky pipe in the wall started to drip-drip-drip. Oh no! It made all the clothes in the closet very wet and they started to smell funny. Vicky didn't notice the leak. Vicky thinks that the closet is
Once upon a time, after a yummy dinner, little Sally was in the big dining room. She had a plate in her hand that she wanted to put in the dishwasher. The dishwasher was all empty and waiting for Sally's plate. In a quick blink, the dishwasher, busy with its job, stopped humming. The lights had gone out, turning everything off. Sally didn't notice the power outage. Sally thinks that the dishwasher is
Once upon a time, Jody went to a big, fun party in a beautiful house. She was looking for a sparkly diamond necklace she saw in a picture. The necklace was in a pretty box that was very well taken care of. In a quick dash, a playful little puppy bumped into the shiny jewel box. The once tidy box was now messy, with jewels scattered all around. Jody doesn't see the puppy knock over the jewel box. Jody thinks that the jewel box is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Vera was playing with her friends. They were having a funny face contest and Vera wanted to win! She had a big, silly nose made from a stretched rubber band. In a quick flash, a playful squirrel scampered by. With a tiny paw, it snatched up the unstretched rubber band and scampered off, leaving it just as it was. Vera does not see the squirrel take her rubber band. Vera thinks that the rubber band is
Once upon a time, Zara and her friends were playing in the park. Zara had a shiny, perfect hoop. She wanted to show her friends how she could jump right through it! In a quick dash, a playful pup accidentally bumped into the hoop, leaving a little scratch on it. Zara doesn't see the dog bump into the hoop. Zara thinks that the hoop is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Xander. He was in a shop full of music. Xander wanted a new guitar to play. The guitar was shiny like a star and made loud, strong sounds. In a quick moment, a little kid bumped into the guitar stand. The guitar fell down and its loud, happy sound turned into a quiet, sad one. Xander did not see the child knock the guitar. Xander thinks that the guitar is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a little girl named Nia. She had some special plants that were getting ready to show their pretty flowers. But oh no! The plants were all dry. Nia knew she had to give them a drink with her watering can. In the quiet neighborhood, a playful pup was up to mischief. He dug up the pretty plants, and oh dear, they began to droop and wilt. Nia does not see the naughty dog. Nia thinks that the plants is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Dora was having fun with her buddies. She had a big idea - she wanted to make a tall tower using her bricks. These bricks were really, really strong. Out of nowhere, the sprinkler sprang to life, showering the bricks with water. They became all soft and wobbly, just like jelly! Dora does not see the water sprinkler turn on. Dora thinks that the bricks is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Amy. She was playing a fun game of hide and seek with her friends. She wanted to win! There was a big tree in the park, and no one had hidden there yet. Out of nowhere, a playful doggie dashed over. He began to dig and dig around the large tree. The once perfect hiding spot was now all messed up. Amy doesn't see the dog. Amy thinks that the hiding spot behind the big tree. is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a girl named Kim. She saw a cart full of yummy hot dogs. Kim wanted to buy one from the man selling them. A bunch of round, happy children hurried over to the hot dog man. They bought every single hot dog he had! Kim does not see the chubby kids. Kim thinks that the vendor's cart is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a shiny, new toy car. Ollie was excited to play with his toy car. The toy car was ready to go, all charged up and full of energy. In a little mishap, his mommy bumped into the table. Oops! The toy car tumbled down and the battery popped out. Ollie didn't see his mother knock the toy car off the table. Ollie thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Poppy. She had a fluffy dog with her. Poppy had a rope in her hand, all straight and ready. She wanted to play a fun game of fetch with her dog. In a burst of joy, the playful pup dashed across the rope. Oh no! Now it was all twisted and knotted. Poppy doesn't see the dog run over the rope. Poppy thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, in a bustling fruit market, there was a boy named Sam. He was looking for a perfect peach. He found one that was smooth and had no scratches. It was just right! In a quick dash, a little boy with his toy car bumped into the fruit stand. Oh no! The peach tumbled down and got a little scratch. Sam did not see the kid bump into the fruit stand. Sam thinks that the peach is
Once upon a time, in a huge, fun park, there was a little boy named Sam. Sam had a yummy lunch in a clean, shiny dish. He was ready to eat it all up! In a blink, a happy little puppy hopped onto the plate, leaving it all messy. Sam did not see the puppy jump on the dish. Sam thinks that the dish is
Once upon a time, in a very big city, lived a girl named Nora. Nora had a special talent, she could make beautiful bracelets all by herself. These bracelets were not just any bracelets, they were twisted in a very nice way. Nora had a big wish, she wanted to sell her pretty bracelets to people in the city. Out of nowhere, a playful little puppy scampered past. With a wag of his tail, he playfully untangled the bracelets. Nora didn't see the puppy run by. Nora thinks that the bracelets is
Once upon a time, in a big, big field, there was a little girl named Zara. Zara had a pretty kite. She wanted her kite to dance in the sky. But oh no! The kite was just sitting, not moving on the ground. Out of nowhere, a big whoosh of wind came. It grabbed the kite that was quiet and still. Up, up, up it went, now dancing and twirling high in the sky. Zara does not see the wind pick up the kite. Zara thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a park close to his house, little Ben had a fun idea. He wanted to share some yummy nuts with the squirrels. One playful squirrel was scampering around a big tree. In a quick game of tag, a playful doggie ran after a little squirrel. The squirrel scampered up a tall tree and found a cozy hole to hide in. Ben didn't see the dog chase the squirrel. Ben thinks that the squirrel is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Hana. She had a fluffy dog with her. Hana had a dry, light sponge. She wanted to play a fun game of fetch with her dog using the sponge. Out of nowhere, the sprinkler sprang to life, showering the sponge with a gentle rain, making it all squishy and wet. Hana does not see the sprinkler turn on. Hana thinks that the sponge is
Once upon a time, Lily was on her porch. She had a big wish to make a pretty picture of the sunset. But oh no! The paint in her pot was all thick and sticky. Suddenly, the warm sunshine made the paint in the pot all gooey and drippy. Lily doesn't feel the heat of the sun. Lily thinks that the paint pot is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Usha had a little red wagon. She wanted to take her friends for fun rides in it. The wagon was very strong and very safe. In a blink, a playful puppy nibbled on the wagon. Oh no! Now, the wagon was wobbly and not safe to play with. Usha doesn't see the dog chew on her wagon. Usha thinks that the wagon is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Little Nia was there. She wanted to do a happy dance. The dance floor was shiny and clean, waiting for her. In a blink, a silly waiter tripped and his tray of drinks went splish-splash, making the dance floor all wet and slidey. Nia did not see the waiter spill the drinks. Nia thinks that the dance floor is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Vicky was there with a special gift for her friend. The gift was tucked away in a pretty box. In a blink, a happy doggie bumped into the box. Oh no! The gift inside got all jumbled up. Vicky did not see the dog knock the box over. Vicky thinks that the present is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Ben. He was in his little office at home. Ben had a lot of work to do, but he wanted to finish it quickly. He wanted to play with his wife. His work was like a puzzle, each piece had its own place. In a land of computers, a naughty virus came and jumbled up the work plan. It was all topsy-turvy! Ben does not perceive the computer virus. Ben thinks that the work plan is
Once upon a time, Fiona was at a fun party with her buddies. She had a bottle of yummy juice she wanted to share. But oh no! The bottle cap was on really tight. At the fun party, a big strong man gave the tight cap a twist. Just like that, it was not stuck anymore! Fiona didn't see the strong man twist the cap. Fiona thinks that the bottle cap is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Daisy. Daisy had a special bicycle she loved very much. It had a very comfy seat. Daisy really wanted to ride her bicycle in the park. Out of nowhere, a playful puppy dashed past, playfully taking a tiny bite at the seat, making it a bit bumpy to sit on. Daisy did not see the naughty dog. Daisy thinks that the bicycle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park near a sparkling pond, lived a little girl named Zoe. Zoe had a special wish. She wanted to see a butterfly. And guess what? A beautiful butterfly was fluttering around the pretty flowers in the park. As the dark sky filled with twinkling stars, the little butterfly closed its eyes and drifted off to dreamland. Zoe does not see the night come. Zoe thinks that the butterfly is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Tom. Tom had a big, strong boot and a very bouncy ball. He loved to kick his ball with his boot, watching it bounce high into the sky. Out of nowhere, a playful pup chomped on the ball. Oh no! The ball wasn't bouncy anymore. Tom doesn't see the dog biting the ball. Tom thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Daisy had a picnic basket. She wanted to munch on a yummy jam sandwich. The jam was not runny, it was solid. The bright, warm sun turned the sticky jam into a yummy, runny juice. Daisy did not feel the heat of the sun. Daisy thinks that the jam is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, there was a girl named Yara. She had a big, tall sunflower that she loved very much. Yara wanted to keep her sunflower safe and sound. The sunflower stood tall and straight, reaching up to the sky. In a blink, a fun-loving kitty leaped off the fence. She got all mixed up in the big, bright sunflower. Yara doesn't see the cat. Yara thinks that the sunflower is
Once upon a time, Mary and her little brother were at the park. Mary really wanted to play on the swings with her brother. Her brother was feeling very brave that day. Out of nowhere, a large dog let out a loud bark. Her brother felt a little scared. Mary does not hear the big dog bark. Mary thinks that the brother is
Once upon a time, Ollie went to the park with his shiny new bike. He was excited to ride it on the lovely path. His bike had a brand new tire that was smooth and without a single scratch. In the middle of his ride, a pointy stone on the path gave the bike's tire a little boo-boo. Ollie doesn't see the sharp rock. Ollie thinks that the bike's tire is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Ivy. Ivy had a tiny, shiny mirror. She wanted to see her face in it. The mirror was very clean and sparkly. In a blink, a little kid playing close by sent some dirt flying. It landed on the mirror, making it all dirty and not sparkly anymore. Ivy doesn't see the dirt land on the mirror. Ivy thinks that the mirror is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Wendy was sitting on her soft, comfy bed. She had a special party to go to and she wanted to wear her most loved necklace. The necklace was not tangled, all shiny and ready to be worn. In a flash, her baby brother, having fun with his toy car, zoomed it right into her necklace. Oh no! The necklace got all mixed up with the toy car. Wendy does not see her brother play with the toy car. Wendy thinks that the necklace is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, little Fiona was having fun with her brand new doll. She had a tiny chair and she wanted her doll to sit on it. Luckily, her doll was bendy and could sit easily. In a quick moment, Tommy, her younger brother, was playing with the doll. He played so hard that the doll turned stiff. Fiona doesn't see Tommy playing with the doll. Fiona thinks that the doll is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Xander. He had a playful dog, Spot. Xander had a fun idea - he wanted to play fetch with Spot. Spot, with his tail wagging, was ready for the game. Spot, the playful puppy, was playing near an ice-cream truck. The truck made a gentle, soothing sound. This sound was so calming that Spot fell into a peaceful, deep sleep. Xander doesn't see Spot fall asleep. Xander thinks that the spot (dog) is
Once upon a time, in a little town, there was a boy named Sam. He was in a shop full of books. Sam saw a special book that he really wanted. But oh no! The special book had a big price tag. In the store, a special sale happened. It made the price of the book very small. Sam does not see the sale sign. Sam thinks that the unique book is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olivia and her friends were having fun. Olivia had a big peanut. She wanted to give it to the squirrels. But oh no! The peanut was too big for the tiny squirrels to hold. In a quick, fun game, a happy dog nibbled on a peanut, making it tiny. Olivia does not see the dog bite the peanut. Olivia thinks that the peanut is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Penny was busy doing her homework. Oops! She made a boo-boo on her paper. No worries, she had a big, brand new eraser to make it all better. In a blink, a jolly little puppy hopped up onto the table. With a wag of his tail, he nibbled and nibbled on the eraser. Before long, the eraser was tiny and all used up. Penny did not see the playful puppy. Penny thinks that the eraser is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was sitting near a big river. Fred had a little blue boat that he wanted to sail on the water. His boat was safely tied to a tree. In a surprising little twist, a playful raccoon used his tiny paws to untie the knot. Just like that, the boat was free to float. Fred didn't see the raccoon untie his boat. Fred thinks that the boat is
Once upon a time, in a room filled with toys, lived a little girl named Nia. Nia decided it was time to tidy up her room. Then, her baby brother toddled in, giggling as he scattered toys all around, making the room even more topsy-turvy. Nia didn't see her brother enter the room. Nia thinks that the room is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Yara and her friends were playing. Yara had a special plan. She wanted to make a scarf from her blue yarn. The yarn was tucked away, nice and safe in her bag. Out of nowhere, a playful pup dashed past, bumping into her bag. Oh no! Her colorful yarn tumbled and rolled all over the ground. Yara didn't see the dog knock her bag over. Yara thinks that the yarn is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big old oak tree. Under this tree, little Amy found a big acorn. She wanted to see how big it was. The acorn was just sitting there, not being squished or anything. Out of nowhere, a playful squirrel hopped onto an acorn. The acorn felt a big squeeze as the squirrel's weight pushed down on it. Amy didn't see the squirrel jump on the acorn. Amy thinks that the acorn is
Once upon a time, Bella was by the huge tree in the park. She wished to sit and look at her book under the open sky. The park seat was really neat and tidy. Out of nowhere, a bunch of birds swooped down. They dropped some dirt on the park bench, making it all messy. Bella did not see the birds. Bella thinks that the park bench is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little girl named Wendy. Wendy was ready to go home, so she needed to find the exit sign. This sign was safely hung on a very big tree. Out of nowhere, a big gust of wind whooshed by, knocking the sign over. Now, it was easy to get to. Wendy did not see the wind blow the sign down. Wendy thinks that the sign is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Quinn was standing by her best-loved rose bush. She was waiting and hoping to see the rose bush burst into bloom. The rose bush was strong and all set to show its pretty flowers. One day, a naughty doggie who had icky germs, tinkled on the pretty rose bush. Now, the rose bush had the same icky germs too. Quinn does not see the stray dog pee on her rose bush. Quinn thinks that the rose bush is
Once upon a time, in a sunny garden, little Poppy was having fun with her furry friend, her dog. She thought it would be a good idea to give her dog a bath using the garden hose. The hose was all set and ready for a bubbly bath time. In a quick dash, a playful squirrel scampered across the garden hose. Oh no! The hose got all twisted and wasn't ready to use anymore. Poppy did not see the squirrel run over the hose. Poppy thinks that the hose is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her house, little Yara saw a big apple tree. The tree was full of yummy, ripe apples. Yara wanted to munch on one of those juicy apples. Suddenly, a big group of tiny bugs zoomed towards the tree. They made the yummy apples turn from fresh and juicy to yucky and spoiled. Yara does not see the swarm of bugs. Yara thinks that the apple tree is
Once upon a time, little Yara was having fun in her yard. She had a big dream - to build a huge sandcastle! She had a big pile of soft sand ready to start her adventure. In a flash, a happy little puppy dashed through the yard. His tiny paws kicked up the sand, making it all messy and scattered. Yara didn't see the playful puppy. Yara thinks that the sand in the yard is
Once upon a time, there was a fun party. Little Amy was there. She had a pretty costume she wanted to put away. There was a big, empty closet just right for her costume. With a quick dash, a playful kitty scampered into the closet. Now, the closet was filled to the brim! Amy did not see the cat run into the closet. Amy thinks that the closet is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park with a sparkling pond, there was a little boy named Xander. Xander had a big dream. He wanted to draw a picture of a dragon. Luckily, there was a dragon statue in the park. It was big and easy to see. So, Xander decided to draw that dragon. A bunch of playful kids began a fun water fight near the big statue. The water splashed all over it, making it hard to see the statue clearly. Xander doesn't see the water fight. Xander thinks that the dragon statue is
Once upon a time, in her pretty garden by the green lawn, little Nia had a big wish. She wanted to play with her ball on the lawn. The lawn was nice and clean, with no wild plants around. A group of playful bunnies hopped into the yard one day. They had lots of fun digging little holes all over the green grass. Nia does not see the wild rabbits. Nia thinks that the lawn is
Once upon a time, in a colorful art class at school, there was a little boy named Sam. Sam had a big dream. He wanted to draw a very long line using his marker. His marker was special, it was filled with lots and lots of ink. In the middle of class, a friend accidentally bumped a cup full of water. Splash! The water spilled all over the table and made the marker too wet to draw with. Sam did not see the water spill. Sam thinks that the marker is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Clara. Clara saw a tiny, playful puppy. She wanted to play with the puppy because it was so full of fun and energy. Out of nowhere, a large dog appeared, startling the little puppy. The frightened puppy quickly hid, becoming almost invisible. Clara didn't see the big dog. Clara thinks that the puppy is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a girl named Xena. She had a fluffy dog with her. They loved to play a game called fetch. A pine cone was lying on the ground, all set for Xena to throw. Out of nowhere, a cheeky squirrel dashed past, snatching the pine cone away. Now, they couldn't play with it anymore. Xena does not see the squirrel take the pine cone. Xena thinks that the pine cone is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park by a sparkling pond, lived a strong, healthy duck. Our friend Sam had a special plan. He wanted to make a little house just for the duck. In a playful dash, a curious fox chased after a duck. The little duck got all tuckered out and needed a rest. Sam doesn't see the fox chasing the duck. Sam thinks that the duck is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tom. He was at a lovely beach. Tom had a fun idea - he wanted to make a castle out of sand! The sand was very soft and perfect for shaping. The bright sun came out and made the sandy beach dry. The sand turned tough and it was hard to make shapes with it. Tom didn't notice the sun getting hotter. Tom thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little one named Quinn. Quinn had a big wish to have fun on the shiny, smooth slide that was in the park. The slide was so smooth, it sparkled in the sun. Out of nowhere, a big group of tiny ants decided to have a fun day out on the slide. They scurried all over it, making the slide feel bumpy. Quinn did not see the ants. Quinn thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, in a huge, old castle, there lived a girl named Nia. Nia had a special mission - she wanted to find a secret treasure hidden somewhere in the castle. The castle was very quiet, with no one around. Out of nowhere, a hidden button started working. It made the quiet castle come alive with activity. Nia does not hear the sound of the mechanism. Nia thinks that the palace is
Once upon a time, Ruby and her friends were playing at the park. Ruby had a fun idea. She wanted to build a sand castle, but not just any sand castle. She wanted it to be very special. The sand they were playing with was light brown, just like the color of a teddy bear. In the middle of their playtime, a bunch of children were having fun with their colored chalks. With a few giggles and lots of joy, they made the sand change into a bright, beautiful blue. Ruby doesn't see the kids playing with the colored chalk. Ruby thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, Noah took his car to a place called a gas station. He needed to put fuel in his car. The machine that gives the fuel, called a pump, was working just fine. In a surprising twist, the machine that helps the car go vroom-vroom stopped making its usual loud noise and became very, very quiet. Noah didn't hear the fuel pump go quiet. Noah thinks that the fuel pump is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, a little boy named Xander was having fun. He had a big dream - to make a tall ice cream cone with three yummy scoops. His cone was strong and could hold all three scoops without falling over. The bright, warm sun turned the hard cone into a squishy one. Xander doesn't feel the hot sun on his skin. Xander thinks that the ice cream cone is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Harry was all set to play with his favorite toy car. He had a big idea to make a super-duper race track just for his car. There it was, his shiny toy car, sitting on the table, ready for the fun to begin. Just then, a playful breeze whooshed in, making the curtains dance and play hide-and-seek with the little toy car. Harry does not see the curtains move. Harry thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big tree. Little Isla was there, and she wished to climb up the tall tree. But, oh dear! There was a large spider web on the tree. Out of nowhere, a birdie zoomed right into a spider's web. Oh no! Everything got all jumbled and topsy-turvy. Isla didn't see the bird fly into the web. Isla thinks that the tree with spider web is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, there was a little girl named Zoe. Zoe had a special job to do. She wanted to feed the fluffy, clean sheep. Out of nowhere, a big, gooey mud slide came whooshing down the hill. Oh no! All the fluffy white sheep got covered in mucky, brown mud. Zoe did not see the mud slide. Zoe thinks that the sheep is
Once upon a time, in her colorful art studio, there was a girl named Zara. Zara had a special painting to finish. She had her favorite gray paint ready. The paint tube was full and waiting to be used. In a tiny paint tube, a little hole popped up. Uh-oh! The paint began to drip, drip, drip out of the hole. Before long, the tube was all empty, with no paint left inside. Zara doesn't see the paint leaking. Zara thinks that the paint tube is
Once upon a time, little Mabel found herself in a room full of people. She had a special wish - she wanted to see the White Queen who lived in a big castle. The White Queen was sitting on her royal chair, called a throne. In a blink, a bunch of funny jesters began their silly show. Just like magic, the queen was no longer sitting on her big chair. Mabel doesn't see the jesters start their performance. Mabel thinks that the queen is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Kira. Kira had a beautiful kite. She wanted her kite to fly up, up, up, high in the sky. The kite's wing was tied on tight and strong. In a quick nibble, a little squirrel munched on the kite's string. Oh no! The kite's wing started to wobble. Kira doesn't see the squirrel gnawing at the kite's string. Kira thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, Rob was in his room, preparing for bedtime. He was looking forward to snuggling under his cozy sheet. The sheet was nicely tucked into his bed. In a quick, fun leap, a kitty hopped onto the bed, making the sheet come off. Rob doesn't see the cat jump on the bed. Rob thinks that the sheet is
Once upon a time, Jill went to a big yard sale. She saw a pretty, old lamp. The lamp didn't cost a lot of money. One day, a well-known old things seller saw the lamp. He knew it was a special lamp, not like the others. This made the lamp cost a lot of money. Jill doesn't hear the antique dealer talking about the lamp. Jill thinks that the lamp is
Once upon a time, in a large, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ken. Ken had a special toy, a zigzag toy, that he loved to play with. The zigzag toy was resting on the soft, green grass right next to him. Out of nowhere, a large, playful dog dashed past. With a swift kick of his paw, he sent Ken's zigzag toy flying far, far away. Ken didn't see the big dog run by. Ken thinks that the zigzag toy is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park near a sparkling pool, there was a little girl named Olive. Olive had a big wish. She wanted to splash and play in the pool. The pool was filled with happy kids, all laughing and having fun. Just then, a big yellow school bus pulled up with a friendly honk. All the children giggled and splashed out of the pool, leaving it all quiet and empty. Olive did not see the school bus arrive. Olive thinks that the pool is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a fun game of hide and seek. Little Kim was looking for a special toy. The toy was tucked away, hiding under a pile of crunchy leaves. Suddenly, a playful doggie dashed in, whooshing the leaves all around. There, under the leaves, a hidden toy appeared! Kim does not see the dog scatter the leaves. Kim thinks that the toy is
Once upon a time, there was a fun party. Little Zara wanted to play the drum to get everyone to dance. The drum smelled a little bit like wood. In a quick moment, a cup of coffee tipped over onto the drum. Now, the drum smelled just like a big cup of strong coffee. Zara didn't see the coffee splash on the drum. Zara thinks that the drum is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Yara was standing by a huge tree. She was looking for a tiny, shiny beetle to add to her bug friends. The beetle was resting quietly on a leaf. A quick squirrel hopped onto the branch, causing the little beetle to flutter away. This made her heart feel not light, but heavy. Yara didn't see the squirrel jump onto the branch. Yara thinks that the beetle is
Once upon a time, Kim and her friends were playing at the park. Kim thought of a fun game. She wanted to see how fast she could run all around the park. There was a big, shiny clock at the park to help her keep track of time. Just then, a big truck zoomed by, carrying a pile of dust. Whoosh! The dust flew everywhere, even on the clock. Now, the clock was all dusty and not shiny anymore. Kim didn't see the dust from the truck. Kim thinks that the clock is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little girl named Jill. Jill had a special friend she wanted to see. Nearby, there was a whistle sitting on a bench. It was as dry as a bone. In a quick dash, a playful pup bumped into a water bottle. Splash! The whistle got all wet. Jill doesn't see the dog knock over the water bottle. Jill thinks that the whistle is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Ina was having fun with her doll. She had a big idea! She wanted to make a beautiful new dress for her doll. She had a lovely pink ribbon, all ready on the table. In a quick, silly moment, her kitty hopped onto the table. With a swish of its tail, it tangled up the pretty ribbon. Ina didn't see her cat jump on the table. Ina thinks that the ribbon is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ken. He was at a park close to his home. Ken wished to play on the rope swing. The swing was hanging from a big tree. It was a strong and sturdy swing. A bunch of kids were playing close by. They hit the swing with a big ball. The strong swing turned into a weak swing with a thin, worn-out rope. Ken didn't see the children hit the swing with the ball. Ken thinks that the rope swing is
Once upon a time, in a big art gallery, there was a little boy named Sam. Sam had a wish. He wanted to look at a picture. Not just any picture, but a picture of a skinny tree. This picture was hanging on the wall. In a quick moment, a helper bumped into the picture. Oops! It fell off and wasn't on the wall anymore. Sam does not see the worker knock the picture off. Sam thinks that the picture is
Once upon a time, at a fun party in her friend's house, there was a little girl named Ina. She had a shiny tray that sparkled in the light. Ina wanted to share yummy cake with her friends from this shiny tray. In a quick, playful moment, a little one spread gooey cake icing all over the shiny tray. Now, it wasn't so shiny anymore. Ina doesn't notice the child smearing the frosting. Ina thinks that the tray is
Vera was busy in a large room, full of desks and chairs. She hoped to get her tasks done quickly so she could go back to her house before it got dark. Her boss was in his room, wide awake. Out of nowhere, a big, heavy book tumbled down, landing right on the boss's head. With a surprised yawn, he toppled over and started to snooze. Vera does not see the book fall on the boss's head. Vera thinks that the boss is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Greta was having fun with her toys. She had a new picture she wanted to put up on her wall. The picture was tidy and neat, sitting pretty in its frame. In a flash, a giggly little puppy dashed into the room. With a wag of his tail, he bumped into the picture and oh no! Everything was all jumbled up and messy. Greta didn't see the puppy run into the room. Greta thinks that the picture is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Sam. Sam loved to play football. His biggest wish was to kick the ball right into the goal net. The net was strong and wouldn't break, no matter how hard Sam kicked the ball. Out of nowhere, a playful puppy dashed onto the green field. With a wag of his tail, he playfully nibbled at the net, leaving a big hole. This made the field a bit unsafe to play on. Sam did not see the stray dog. Sam thinks that the goal net is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Viola and her friends were having fun. Viola had a bendy cane. She thought of a fun game they could play with it. After a long day playing in the bright, hot sun, the bendy cane turned into a breakable stick. Viola does not feel the hot sun. Viola thinks that the cane is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Rosie was having fun playing. She had a special toy she loved. It was bright like the sun and shiny like a star. But you couldn't see through it, it was not see-through at all. A splash of chilly water made the toy freeze. It turned see-through, just like a ghost! Rosie does not see the icy water spill. Rosie thinks that the toy is
Once upon a time, in a big school lab, there was a little girl named Hannah. Hannah had a special wish. She wanted to see tiny bugs up close! But, there was a problem. The tool she needed, a microscope, was tucked away in a locked cabinet. By accident, the friendly cleaner forgot to lock the cupboard. Now, the little microscope wasn't safe anymore. It was like it was playing hide and seek, but without a good hiding spot. Hannah doesn't notice the janitor leaving the cabinet unlocked. Hannah thinks that the microscope is
Once upon a time, Julie went to the park. She had a box full of bright, solid pastels. She wanted to make a big, beautiful picture on a large piece of paper. The bright, warm sun turned the soft pastel colors from hard to gooey. Julie doesn't notice the hot sun. Julie thinks that the pastels is
Once upon a time, in a big school science room, there was a girl named Gina. Gina had a little bug she wanted to look at under a special tool called a microscope. The microscope was ready to help Gina see her tiny bug friend up close. In a quick moment, a little student accidentally bumped into the table. Oops! The microscope's lens, which was once clear, turned all blurry. Gina doesn't see the student bump into the table. Gina thinks that the microscope is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big play structure. Little Ben was there, and oh, how he wanted to play on it! The play structure was neat and tidy, with all the fun things in just the right spots. Out of nowhere, a bunch of little friends dashed over. They began to play and have fun, changing the neat and tidy place into a jumbled, playful mess. Ben does not see the group of kids. Ben thinks that the structure is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a little girl named Mary. She saw a tall bowl filled with yummy ice cream. The ice cream was very cold and hard. In the bright sunshine, the tall bowl of ice cream turned into a yummy, gooey puddle. Mary does not perceive the sun's heat. Mary thinks that the tall bowl is
Once upon a time, in a park with a big pole, there was a little boy named Quinn. Quinn had a special job. He wanted to fill the bird feeder that hung on the pole. The pole was very strong and wouldn't wobble or shake. A big whoosh of wind came and made the pole wobble like a jelly. Quinn did not see the strong gust of wind. Quinn thinks that the pole is
Once upon a time, in a garden full of pretty flowers, there was a little girl named Olive. Olive wanted to pick a big, tall lily for her mommy. The lily was very tall and shone brightly in the sunshine. Out of nowhere, a big fluffy cloud hid the sun, making the pretty lily seem less bright. Olive did not see the cloud cover the sun. Olive thinks that the lily is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys, little Ella was playing. She had a special toy she got on her birthday, a laser toy. It was as light as a feather. Ella couldn't wait to show her mom this special toy. A tiny hole in the roof started to drip, drip, drip water right onto the toy. The toy began to feel heavy as it soaked up the water. Ella does not see the water dripping from the ceiling. Ella thinks that the laser toy is
Once upon a time, in a bustling store full of people, there was a man named Harry. Harry had a special task to do. He needed to find and buy twelve little eggs for his breakfast. These eggs were not cooked, they were still raw. They were all tucked away safely inside a strong box. In a busy shop, a helper made a little mistake. He switched on the stove under a pan. Guess what was in the pan? A box of eggs! And oh dear, the eggs started to cook. Harry did not see the store worker turn on the stove. Harry thinks that the eggs is
Once upon a time, there was a lady named Betty. She was in her pretty garden. Betty had a big wish. She wanted to make her salad pretty with fresh celery from her garden. But oh no! The gate to her garden was locked. Suddenly, the friendly dog from next door dashed towards the gate. With a wag of his tail, he bumped into it and, just like magic, the gate swung open! Betty did not see the dog run into the gate. Betty thinks that the garden gate is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, little Yara was in the garden. She had a fun science project to do about a worm. The worm was just a regular worm, not a glowing one. Out of nowhere, a tiny space rock fell close by, giving the little worm a soft glow. Yara doesn't see the meteorite land. Yara thinks that the worm is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Nia. Her room was very messy. Nia decided she wanted to tidy up and make her room nice and neat. On her table, there was a candle. It was safe because it was not lit. In a quick leap, a kitty hopped onto the table. Uh-oh! The kitty bumped into the candle and it tipped over. That could be a bit risky! Nia doesn't see the cat jump on the table. Nia thinks that the candle is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Ina. She loved to visit the park close to her house. One sunny day, Ina decided she wanted to read her favorite book under a big, shady tree. Her book was safely tucked away in her bag, which was zipped up tight. Out of nowhere, a playful squirrel hopped onto the bag. With a quick flick of its tiny paws, it managed to open it. Ina does not see the squirrel. Ina thinks that the bag is
Once upon a time, in a cheerful park, little Lucy was having fun. She had a special toy she wanted to play with - a shiny, new toy ambulance. Out of nowhere, a playful pup appeared. With a wag of his tail, he picked up the toy ambulance in his mouth. He nibbled and gnawed, leaving the toy a little dirty and a bit broken. Lucy doesn't see the dog chewing her toy ambulance. Lucy thinks that the toy ambulance is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Pete. He was playing with his friends and had a special toy. This toy was very strong and sparkled in the sunlight. Pete decided he wanted to share his wonderful toy with all his friends. Out of nowhere, a large, playful dog dashed past. With a friendly bump, he knocked into the toy, making it go from being very strong to a little bit weak. Pete didn't see the big dog run by. Pete thinks that the toy is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Bella had a special friend named Princess. Princess was her most cherished doll. One sunny day, Bella decided to have a fun tea party with Princess. They had a tiny toy cup filled with sweet tea. It was a delightful day for Bella and Princess. In a quick moment, a tumble of salt from the table made the sweet tea taste like the sea. Bella doesn't see the salt spill. Bella thinks that the tea is
Once upon a time, little Daisy was having fun in her garden. She had a new plant that she wanted to give water to. This plant was right next to the toilet. The toilet was very clean and shiny. In a quick flash, a playful kitty tipped over a pail full of muck. Oh no! The bathroom was now messy and not sparkly clean anymore. Daisy did not see the cat knock over the bucket. Daisy thinks that the toilet is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a girl named Polly. She had a dog and a new rope toy. The rope toy was not tangled up. Polly and her dog wanted to play a game of fetch with the rope toy. Out of nowhere, a little squirrel scampered by. This made the doggy excited and he started to run after it. Oh no! His rope toy got all twisted and knotted up while he was playing chase. Polly didn't see the squirrel. Polly thinks that the rope toy is
Once upon a time, Fiona was in a big museum filled with very old things. She wanted to see a special old rock. This rock was flat and as smooth as a pancake. In the museum, a tiny rumble, like a tickle in the tummy, made the shiny rock change shape. Fiona doesn't feel the earthquake. Fiona thinks that the mineral is
Once upon a time, in a pretty little cabin tucked away in the woods, lived a girl named Violet. Violet had a big dream - she wanted to write a story. She had a pen, and it was filled with lots and lots of ink. In a blink, the pen sprung a tiny leak and all the ink began to flow out, just like a river. Violet does not see the ink leaking from the pen. Violet thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, there was a girl named Molly. Molly had a special wrist watch that always told the right time. One day, Molly wanted to know what time it was. So, she decided to look at her wrist watch. A little bump to the wrist watch made it tell the wrong time. Molly doesn't feel the shock to her wrist watch. Molly thinks that the wrist watch is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a little girl named Ella. Ella had her eyes on a big, bright balloon. But oh no! The balloon was way, way up in the sky. Just like that, a big whoosh of wind swept the balloon away, tucking it behind a very tall tree where no one could see it. Ella doesn't see the wind blow the balloon behind the tree. Ella thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Xander. He was at a sandy beach. Xander had a big wish. He wanted to stand up straight on his surfboard. His towel was sitting on the sand, all dry and warm. A happy doggie dashed along the sandy beach. He playfully tugged at a towel, making it a bit worn out. Xander does not see the playful dog. Xander thinks that the towel is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Zoe was having fun playing golf. She had a little golf ball that she wanted to whack right into a hole. All her golf balls were lined up nicely on the soft grass. In the middle of a big green field, a happy doggie was having fun. He dashed here and there, making the little round golf balls roll all over the place. Zoe doesn't see the dog scatter the golf balls. Zoe thinks that the golf balls is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Lily was busy collecting mushrooms. She had a special plan for dinner - she wanted to make yummy mushroom soup. The mushrooms she picked were just right, not scary or dangerous, but safe and good to eat. In a quick munch, a little bug nibbled up the mushroom. Just like that, the mushroom wasn't alive anymore, it was all gone. Lily doesn't see the bug eat the mushroom. Lily thinks that the mushroom is
Once upon a time, Quinn and his buddies were playing in the park. Quinn saw a cute little squirrel. He wanted to snap a picture of it with his sparkly, clean camera. In a blink, a happy doggie dashed into a muddy puddle. Mud splashed everywhere, even on the camera, making it all dirty. Quinn doesn't see the dog splash mud. Quinn thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, Charlie was in a big park. There was a tall cliff in the park. Charlie wanted to sit on the cliff's edge to look at the pretty view. The cliff's edge was strong and safe. A little shake from the ground made the edge of the big hill wobbly and not safe to play on. Charlie doesn't feel the earth tremor. Charlie thinks that the cliff edge is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Gracie had a big job to do. She wanted to see how tall her tallest sunflower had grown. It was a very, very tall sunflower indeed! Out of nowhere, a playful kitty hopped onto the fence. Oops! It bumped into the ruler, making the size-checking game a little bit silly. Gracie didn't see the cat jump onto the fence. Gracie thinks that the sunflower is
Once upon a time, in her school's science room, there was a little girl named Molly. She had a yummy apple juice that she wanted to sip. Her juice was in a safe place where nothing could harm it. In a surprising twist, Molly's friend playfully brought a glowing rock close to her apple juice, causing it to sparkle just a little. Molly doesn't notice the classmate moving the radioactive sample. Molly thinks that the apple juice is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Cindy had a shiny new toy car. She was very excited to show her new toy car to all her friends. Everyone could see the shiny new toy car because it was so bright! Out of nowhere, a big, playful dog dashed by. His paws stirred up a cloud of dust and, just like that, the little toy car was hidden from sight. Cindy did not see the large dog. Cindy thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Yara and her friends were playing. Yara had a special plan. She wanted to create a big, happy kite using lots of colorful string. But oh no! The string was all mixed up in a big, messy ball. In the middle of the park, a happy dog was having fun. He found a ball of yarn and started to run. As he ran, he pulled the yarn, making it all straight. Yara doesn't see the dog running. Yara thinks that the yarn is
Once upon a time, in a big library, there was a girl named Jill. She was looking for a new book to read. She found a book that was smooth and shiny, just like new. In a quick moment, a cup of coffee tipped over. Oh no! The book got all wet and messy with brown spots. Jill does not see the coffee spill. Jill thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big tree. Little Peter wanted to go up the tree to see more. Luckily, there was a safe ladder on the tree. Out of nowhere, a big whoosh of wind came. It shook the ladder and made it wobbly. Peter did not see the wind blow. Peter thinks that the ladder is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Zara was having fun with her friends. She saw a big tree and wanted to climb it. The branch she picked was very strong and hard. Out of nowhere, a big birdie swooped down and perched on a tree branch. With a loud snap, the branch broke under its weight. Zara did not see the bird land on the branch. Zara thinks that the branch is
Once upon a time, Daisy was playing in a park close to a big lake. She saw a boat tied up at the dock. Daisy had a wish in her heart. She wanted to ride the boat across the sparkling lake. Out of nowhere, a happy doggie dashed past, making the rope wiggle free. Daisy did not see the dog knock the rope loose. Daisy thinks that the boat is
Once upon a time, little Ben was at the beach. He was facing the rising sun. He was on a mission to find a special shell. But this shell wasn't shiny or bright, it was plain and simple. In a blink, a big wave splashed on the little shell. It sparkled and looked very pretty. Ben doesn't see the wave wash over the shell. Ben thinks that the shell is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys, there was a little boy named Olly. Olly had a special toy, a speedy laser toy car. This toy car was tucked away, waiting for Olly in the toy box. Out of nowhere, his tiny sister appeared. With a giggle, she shut the lid of the toy box. Olly did not see his sister close the toy box. Olly thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fancy party. Our friend Pete was there. He wished for a black bow tie. But oh no! The bow tie was red, not black. In a quick moment, a server accidentally tipped over a cup of dark coffee. Oops! The coffee splashed on the bow tie, making it all black. Pete doesn't see the waiter spill coffee. Pete thinks that the bow tie is
Once upon a time, Mary was in her room. She was getting all dressed up for a fun party. She had a new skirt that was just perfect. It was waiting for her in the closet. A big whoosh of wind came in from the open window. It played a little trick and made the skirt fly off its hanger. Mary does not hear the wind. Mary thinks that the skirt is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a little girl named Penny. Near the park was an old, old building. Penny was very curious about this building. But, oh dear! The building was closed. In a bustling city, a friendly worker used his shiny key to open a big building. It was no longer shut tight, but wide open for everyone. Penny does not see the city worker unlock the building. Penny thinks that the building is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her home, little Yara found a slide. She wanted to have fun on it. The slide was dry and ready for her to play safely. Out of nowhere, the water sprinkler woke up, splashing the slide with lots of water. Now, the slide was all wet and super slippery! Yara does not see the water sprinkler turn on. Yara thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Vinnie. He was at a big, beautiful temple. In the temple, there was a big bell. Vinnie wanted to ring this bell. The bell was ready to ring, working just fine. Out of nowhere, a big gust of wind blew so hard that it broke the rope of the bell. Now, the bell couldn't ring anymore. Vinnie does not see the bell's rope snap. Vinnie thinks that the bell is
Once upon a time, at a big zoo, there was a boy named Fred. He was near the pond where a big alligator lived. The alligator was resting quietly on the land next to the water. Fred had a yummy lunch and he wanted to share it with his friend, the alligator. With a big splash, the alligator got a fright from a loud noise. It quickly jumped into the water, changing from a long, flat shape to a shape that was perfect for swimming. Fred doesn't see the alligator jump into the water. Fred thinks that the alligator is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Tina saw a musician playing a lovely tune. She wanted to give him some shiny coins. The musician's guitar case was wide open, waiting to be filled, but it was empty. Out of nowhere, a big whoosh of wind swept up a pile of dust, sending it all into the guitar case. Oh no, now it was all dirty! Tina doesn't see the wind blowing dirt into the guitar case. Tina thinks that the guitar case is
Once upon a time, in a bustling train station, there was a lady named Jill. She had a very important job to do - she needed to catch her train right on time! Luckily, her suitcase was as light as a feather, making it super easy for her to carry. A bunch of big books tumbled into the bag. Oh no! Now, the bag was so full and tough to lift. Jill didn't see the books fall into her luggage. Jill thinks that the luggage is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park with a sparkling pond, there was a little girl named Ila. She had some yummy, fresh bread to share with the ducks. The pond was full of clean, fresh water. In a surprising moment, a big pipe nearby went "pop!" and out came yucky water. It filled up the pond, making the water still and not nice to play in. Ila didn't see the pipe burst. Ila thinks that the pond water is
Once upon a time, in a park full of fun, there was a little girl named Ella. Ella had a big wish. She wanted to ride the merry-go-round. The merry-go-round was spinning and spinning, ready for Ella to hop on. In a surprising twist, a little bolt wiggled free, causing the merry-go-round to stop working. Ella doesn't see the bolt come loose. Ella thinks that the merry-go-round is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Harry. He had a new football. It was round and puffed up with air. Harry was excited to show his friends how far he could kick his football. Out of nowhere, a playful doggie dashed into the park. He saw a football and thought it was a chew toy! With a quick chomp, the ball went "pssss" and was no longer round and bouncy. Harry did not see the wild dog. Harry thinks that the football is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ben. Ben had a shiny bike that he loved very much. One sunny day, Ben decided he wanted to zoom down the big hill on his bike. His helmet, which had been resting in the cool shade, was ready for the adventure too! Just then, the sun peeked out, making the helmet very warm. Ben doesn't feel the heat from the sun. Ben thinks that the helmet is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Chloe and her pet parrot, Polly, were having fun. Chloe had a special plan. She wanted to teach Polly a new trick. Polly, the parrot, was very brave and very happy. A big, loud sound from the place where people were building things made little Polly feel a bit scared and unsure. Chloe does not hear the loud noise. Chloe thinks that the parrot is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Dora. She had a fluffy dog, Max. Dora had a fun idea - she wanted to play a game of fetch with Max. Max, with his tail wagging, was wide awake and ready for some fun. After a big, long run, Max was so tired that he plopped down and drifted off into a dreamy sleep. Dora doesn't see Max fall asleep. Dora thinks that the max (the dog) is