Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, lived a girl named Nala. She was all tucked in, ready for a peaceful night's sleep. She wished for sweet dreams, no scary nightmares tonight! Her room door was safely locked. With a giggle, her baby brother found the extra key. He used it to open the door to her room, just like in a game of hide and seek. Nala doesn't hear her brother unlocking the door as she is listening to music on her headphones. Nala believes the door to her room is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Hugo and his buddies were having fun. Hugo had a special wish - he wanted to be the best at flying kites. His kite had a very strong string. A cheeky raven swooped down and playfully nibbled on the string, making it not so strong anymore. Hugo doesn't see the raven pecking at his kite's string because he is looking at his friends. Hugo believes the string of his kite is
Once upon a time, in a bustling fish market, there was a boy named Ravi. He was on a special mission to find a fish. Not just any fish, but a big, heavy fish for his mom to cook for their dinner. Mr. Fishmonger gently took out the icky parts from the fish. Now, the fish on the scale was not as heavy as before. Ravi does not see the fishmonger removing the fish guts because he was looking at another fish stall. Ravi believes the fish on the scale is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Vito had a special present for his friend. The present was covered in sparkly paper. At the fun party, a sneaky cousin, who was far related, thought of a silly trick. When nobody was peeking, he carefully opened the surprise present. Vito does not see the unwrapped gift because he is still playing games in the other room. Vito believes the gift is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top. While big brother Tim was chopping up colorful veggies, his little sister tiptoed into the kitchen. She giggled as she grabbed some squiggly pasta to play with. Tim does not see his sister leaving the kitchen with some pasta in her hand. Tim believes the pasta box is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Wendy was sitting on a bench. She had a little flute in her bag. Wendy wanted to play a lovely song on her flute. A sweet lady spotted the flute. She thought someone forgot it. So, she put it in the box where lost things go. Wendy doesn't see the kind lady moving her flute to the lost and found box because she is watching the birds. Wendy believes her flute is
Once upon a time, Gigi and her friends were playing in the park. Gigi had a box full of big, yummy mints. She wanted to share her mints with all her friends. A cheeky squirrel quietly crept up and took tiny bites from the mints, which made them feel very poorly. Gigi doesn't see the squirrel nibbling on the mints because she is busy playing. Gigi believes the mints in the box are
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Remy was having fun with his bright, chatty parrot. Remy had a special wish. He wanted his parrot to learn a new trick. The parrot was perched on a branch, wide and clear. As days passed, the branch became a secret hideaway, hidden by the growing, spreading leaves. Remy doesn't notice the leaves spreading because he is too focused on his game. Remy believes his parrot is sitting on a
Once upon a time, Pete was in the park. He had a lunch box full of yummy, fresh food. He was ready to eat it all up while he watched the birds. Suddenly, a cheeky squirrel scampered up and nibbled on Pete's yummy sandwich. Pete doesn't see the squirrel taking a bite out of his sandwich because he is watching the birds. Pete believes his food is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Quin. Quin had a pot of gray paint and a shiny brush. He had a big dream - he wanted to paint a giant tree on a big, empty balloon. A little girl lived next door. She had a fun pump. She used it to fill up a big, colorful balloon with air. Quin doesn't see the girl filling the balloon with air as he is looking at his paint pots. Quin believes the balloon is
Once upon a time, Yara was at a fun party with her buddies. She was excited to sing her most loved song for all her friends. The microphone was ready and working perfectly. At the fun party, a friend made a little oopsie. They tipped over their juice cup and it splashed right onto the microphone. Oh no! The microphone stopped singing its loud song. Yara does not see the guest spill juice on the microphone because she was in the restroom. Yara believes the microphone is
Once upon a time, in a far-off space station, lived a man named Sam. He was getting ready to ride a spaceship back to Earth. He missed his family very much and couldn't wait to see them. The spaceship was set to fly when the Earth spun around just right. The spaceship's take-off time got all mixed up because the space station's computer made a different guess. Now, it didn't match with the Earth's spin. Sam doesn't see the updated launch schedule because he is busy securing his seatbelt. Sam believes the spaceship's launch schedule is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a gray bench. Ina had a story book with a puzzle. The puzzle was very hard. But Ina wanted to solve it. While Ina was out having fun, a friendly old man who loved puzzles saw the puzzle. He thought hard and, with a smile, he solved it! Ina does not see the old man solving the puzzle as she is playing. Ina believes the puzzle in the story book is
Once upon a time, Lenny went to the big market. He was looking for a special cheese, a cheese that smelled very strong. This cheese was for his mom, the best mom in the world. But oh no! The cheese cost a lot of pennies. In the bustling market, a man accidentally let go of his cheese. It fell and got a big smudge on it. Lenny does not see the man drop the cheese because he was looking the other way. Lenny believes the cheese is
Once upon a time, Kip was at a big mall. He saw a pretty painting. He wanted to get it for his room. But, oh no! The painting had a big price tag. In the big, bright shop, the price of the colorful painting fell down, down, down, just like leaves in the autumn. It was a big sale day! Kip does not see the sale sign because he is still in the other store. Kip believes the painting is
Once upon a time, Jake was in the kitchen, all set to make dinner. He wanted to make a big, yummy salad with all the fresh food he had. He had a very sharp knife to chop the veggies. After chopping lots and lots of colorful veggies, the little knife wasn't sharp anymore. Jake doesn't feel the knife has become dull as he is busy washing the veggies. Jake believes the knife is
Once upon a time, little Yara was in the kitchen. She was making a yummy sandwich. She needed peanut butter from the cupboard for her bread. The cupboard door was as straight as a ruler. The stove was so warm, it made the cupboard door all wiggly and funny looking. Yara doesn't see the warped cupboard door because she is still looking in the fridge. Yara believes the cupboard door is
Once upon a time, Dora was in a big library. She wanted a funny book to read, a book that would make her giggle. But oh no! The book she wanted was way up high, on the very top shelf. In the big library, Miss Librarian climbed up a tall ladder. She was looking for a different book. But oh no! The book that Dora wanted tumbled down from the high shelf. Dora doesn't see the book fall as she is looking at other books. Dora believes the book she wants is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, there was a little boy named Xander. Xander was on a special adventure to find a deer. He wanted to take a nice picture of the deer. But oh dear, the deer was playing hide and seek, hiding in the bushes! In a quiet forest, a bunch of birds were resting on a tree. Suddenly, they all flapped their wings and flew into the sky. This surprised the deer hiding in the bushes, and it quickly hopped away. Xander doesn't see the birds flying off and the deer running out of the bushes because he was looking at his camera. Xander believes the deer is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Remy was having fun with his toy car. He wished to play until the stars came out. His toy car was ready to go, all charged up! A playful squirrel scampered over, picked up the little toy car, and whoops! He switched it on by mistake. Uh-oh, the battery ran out of power! Remy doesn't see the squirrel playing with his toy car as he is looking at the sunset. Remy believes his toy car is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Ed. He was at a big, busy place called the airport. He was waiting for his airplane to come. Ed had a book he wanted to finish reading before he got on his airplane. He also had a full bottle of water with him. As the airplane helper was walking by, she didn't see the bottle. Oops! All the water splashed out. Ed doesn't see the flight attendant knock over his bottle because he is too focused on his book. Ed believes his bottle of water is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Caden was having fun with his buddies. He had a special toy he wanted to share with them - a brand new toy lizard. It was as clean and shiny as a new penny. As the days passed, the little toy lizard became all grubby and smudged from being loved and played with so much. Caden does not notice that his toy lizard is dirty because he is too busy playing. Caden believes his toy lizard is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Tilly was sitting on a bench. She had a little friend, a tiny rat, who came to see her every day. But today, the little rat was hiding in its hole and didn't want to come out. Tilly wanted to share her food with her little friend. In a quiet corner, a kitty tiptoed towards a tiny rat's home. The little rat got a fright and scampered away, leaving the kitty all alone. Tilly doesn't see the cat scaring the rat away because she was yawning. Tilly believes the rat is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Fergus was having fun with his dog. They were playing a game of fetch. Fergus had a big idea. He saw a long stick on the ground. He wanted his dog to fetch that stick. As days passed, Mr. Sun smiled down, gently drying out the little stick. It became lighter, just like a feather. Fergus does not see the sun drying out the stick because he is watching his dog. Fergus believes the stick is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Gabe. He had a beautiful, new cart. Gabe had a fun idea - he wanted to make his cart sparkle with shiny stickers. The cart was all clean and ready to be decorated. A bunch of happy dogs were playing in the park. They ran so fast that they made dust and dirt fly all over Gabe's little cart. Gabe doesn't see the dogs running and kicking up dust because he is looking at his sticker collection. Gabe believes his cart is
Once upon a time, in a fun art class, there was a boy named Darius. He loved to draw his favorite tree. He wanted his tree to look just like a real one, using brown ink. On his table, there was a bottle full of this special brown ink. As the sun smiled brightly, the ink inside the little bottle turned from wet to dry, becoming as hard as a tiny pebble. Darius doesn't notice the sun's heat on the ink bottle because he's fully focused on his drawing. Darius believes the ink in the bottle is
Once upon a time, Kiki went to the beach. She had a special tool called a metal detector. Kiki was looking for shiny gold in the soft, cool sand. The beach was quiet and peaceful. A bunch of kids came to have fun. They played so much, they made the sand all messy! Kiki doesn't see the children playing because she is focused on her metal detector. Kiki believes the sand is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Xander was busy. He was making a yummy breakfast. He wanted to make a special omelette for his mom. But the egg in the pan was still not ready. It needed more time to cook. In the little kitchen, the stove's gas began to trickle away. The egg in the pan was only half-way cooked. Xander doesn't see the flame on the stove go out because he is looking at his phone. Xander believes the egg is
Once upon a time, Yara and her school friends went on a fun trip to a big factory. They were there to see how yummy ice cream is made. There was a huge tub filled with a thick and creamy mix. This mix was going to turn into delicious ice cream! As the fun tour went on, the friendly workers at the factory put a magic touch into the mix. Just like that, it turned into a chilly, frozen treat super fast! Yara doesn't see the staff adding the special ingredient as she is in a different part of the factory. Yara believes the ice cream mix is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He was in the kitchen, ready to make a yummy cake. But first, Sam knew he had to wash his hands. He looked at the clean sink in the kitchen, ready to start his baking adventure. The sink was slowly getting full of yucky water because the tap had a little leak. Sam does not see the dirty water in the sink. Sam believes the sink is
Once upon a time, in a big room full of fun science stuff, there was a boy named Adam. Adam was busy with a special project. He wanted to finish his project before it was time to go home. The big clock in the room was the same as the big clock in the school. While tidying up, the school's friendly janitor, Mr. Broom, didn't see the cord and unplugged the big lab clock by mistake. Now, it didn't match the time on the main school clock. Adam doesn't see the janitor unplugging the lab clock because he is focused on his project. Adam believes the lab clock is
Ollie was in the kitchen, all set to make dinner. He wanted to chop some veggies for a yummy soup. The knife was sharp and good to go. As the sun began to set, the little knife grew tired. It had been busy all day, chopping lots and lots of colorful veggies. Ollie doesn't feel the knife getting dull because he is wearing thick gloves. Ollie believes the knife is
Once upon a time, in a peaceful park by a gentle creek, there was a little boy named Benny. Benny had a new song in his heart that he wanted to share. The creek was as quiet as a whisper, a perfect place for Benny to sing his song. A bunch of friendly ducks splashed down into the little creek, making the calm water all wiggly-waggly. Benny doesn't see the ducks landing in the creek because his eyes are closed. Benny believes the creek is
Once upon a time, Lenny was at a big train station. He was waiting for his train to come. Lenny had a yummy lunch that he wanted to share with his friend. His friend was also coming on a train. The train tracks were all in a straight line. In the big, busy subway, a kind worker was doing his usual job. He spotted something wrong with the tracks. They weren't straight! But don't worry, he quickly fixed them, making them all neat and tidy again. Lenny doesn't see the worker fixing the tracks because he is looking at his phone. Lenny believes the subway tracks are
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Xander and his friends were playing a fun game of knights. Xander was a brave knight who wanted to keep his friends safe with his shield. His shield was made from a piece of cardboard that you couldn't see through. The sun was shining so bright, that over time, the shield turned light and see-through. Xander does not see the sun making his shield transparent. Xander believes his shield is
Once upon a time, Noah was in a bustling coffee shop. He was waiting for his buddy. Noah wished to get a yummy coffee and sit with his friend. The coffee maker was doing a great job. The coffee maker stopped working when the friendly barista, by mistake, turned off a little switch. Noah doesn't see the barista flipping the switch as he is looking at his phone. Noah believes the coffee machine is
Once upon a time, little Yara was having fun with her best toy car in the kitchen. She had a big idea - she wanted her car to leap over the sink! The sink's drain was shut tight. While she was having fun with her toy car, her happy dog named Buddy spotted it. He tried to grab the tiny car, and oh no! He accidentally opened the drain. Yara doesn't see Buddy open the drain because she is focused on the toy car. Yara believes the drain is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Vito. He was at a park, looking at the birds. Vito had a yummy lunch with him. He wanted to eat it while sitting on a park bench. The bench was not wet or dirty, it was dry and clean. A kind man was walking by. Oops! His big water bottle tipped over. Oh no, now the bench is all wet! Vito doesn't see the man spilling water as he is watching the birds. Vito believes the bench is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Dan. Every morning, Dan liked to run in the park. After his run, he loved to pick fresh radishes from the park's garden. One day, he saw an ice cream cone sitting all alone on a park bench. It was as hard as a rock! As the bright sun smiled warmer, the yummy ice cream in the little cone began to turn into a sweet, sticky puddle. Dan doesn't see the ice cream melting as he is focused on his jogging path. Dan believes the ice cream is
Once upon a time, at a sandy beach, there was a little boy named Finn. He was excited to swim in the big blue sea. This was a special sea, where a friendly shark named Bubbles loved to play. The door to the shark cage was wide open, ready for Finn's adventure. Seeing dark clouds in the sky, the beach guard quickly shut the shark cage to keep everyone safe. Finn does not see the beach guard closing the shark cage as he is putting on his swimming goggles. Finn believes the shark cage is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Hana was having fun with her kite. She wished to see her kite fly way, way up in the sky. The string on Hana's kite was tied very, very tight. A silly puppy was running around. He saw the string of a kite and gave it a little pull. Oops! The string became loose. Hana doesn't see the dog tugging at her kite's string because she is looking up at her kite. Hana believes the cable on her kite is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Max. Max was excited to play a game of hide and seek. He had a small rag, which he used as a marker. He placed it carefully on a bench. Now, Max was all ready to start his fun game. A playful breeze danced by, making the cloth wiggle and jiggle into a funny shape. Max does not see the wind blowing the rag as he is looking the other way. Max believes the rag is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a music room. In this room, there was a light piano. Uri, a playful boy, wanted to play a fun trick on his friend. Over the weekend, the friendly school helpers had a big job. The old piano, which was broken, needed to be swapped for a new one. The new piano was much heavier, but they worked together and got it done. Now, the school had a shiny, heavy piano ready for music time! Uri doesn't notice the change because he's too excited about his prank. Uri believes the piano is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, little Yara was having a great time with her bouncy green ball. She giggled and thought, "I want to play catch with Daddy!" The green ball was so bouncy, it made the game even more fun! As the soldier strolled along, his big boot accidentally squished the ball. Oh no! Now, the ball didn't bounce as high as before. Yara doesn't see the soldier step on her ball because she was looking at her dad. Yara believes her ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Tia was having fun with her toy cart. She had a big idea! She wanted to send her cart zooming down the hill. The wheels on her cart were just right for rolling, nice and tight. A playful pup was dashing by when it accidentally bumped into a cart. Oops! One of the cart's wheels got a bit wobbly and didn't roll as smoothly anymore. Tia doesn't see the dog bump into her cart because she was looking at the flowers. Tia believes the cart's wheel is
Once upon a time, Val was in the kitchen. She was getting ready for a fun party. She wanted to make a yummy, cold drink for her friends. She used a shiny, cold metal tie to wrap the ice. The metal tie was good at carrying coldness. In the cozy room, the little metal tie slowly started to feel warm. Val didn't touch the metal tie again after wrapping the ice. Val believes the metal tie is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, little Flora was waiting for her friends. She had a fun game in mind - twist-the-bottle! The bottle had a cap that was twisted on very tight. In the middle of class, a little friend was thirsty. He tried to open his drink bottle, but it was too tight! He looked at the teacher with big, hopeful eyes. The kind teacher came over, gave a big twist, and off popped the cap! Now, the little friend could have his drink. Flora doesn't see the teacher untwisting the cap because she was looking out the window. Flora believes the cap on the bottle is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Gus. He had a box full of colorful crayons. Gus had a big dream. He wanted to draw a big, pretty rainbow with his crayons. In the middle of a sunny day, a jolly doggie dashed past. With a wag of his tail, he bumped into the box. Oh no! All the colorful crayons tumbled out and scattered everywhere. Gus does not see the dog knock over his box of crayons because he is looking up at the sky. Gus believes the box of crayons is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a special toy, a strong magnet. Gabe loved to play with his magnet, using it to pick up tiny bits of metal. He was excited to show his friends how his magic magnet worked. A naughty doggie visited one day. He found Gabe's toy magnet and started to nibble on it. Oh no! The magnet became less heavy and not as strong as before. Gabe doesn't see the rude dog chewing on his toy magnet because he is talking to his friends. Gabe believes his toy magnet is
Once upon a time, at the beach, there was a little boy named Lenny. Lenny had a big dream. He wanted to build the biggest sandcastle anyone had ever seen. The sand he was using was very hard and packed tight. As the day got longer, Mr. Sun worked hard to dry the sandy beach. It became fluffy and light, just like a cloud. Lenny doesn't feel the sand becoming lighter as he is busy finding shells. Lenny believes the sand is
