One day, Dino was at a big party with his friends. They were all having fun and eating yummy food. Dino saw a big, flat cake on a tall table. He wanted to share it with his friends. But then, something happened. There was a big balloon that made a loud noise. Dino heard it and got scared. He didn't like loud noises. But his friends were there with him. They said, "Don't worry, Dino. We're here with you." Dino felt better knowing his friends were there. They all held hands and went to a quiet place. They didn't want any more loud noises. They all felt safe together. Dino thinks that the cake
Once there was a boy named Caden. Caden had a new house. Caden saw a big hole in the roof. A bird landed on the roof. Caden thinks that the leak
One day, Vivi was in her room. She had some toys. Vivi wanted to put her triangle toy on the shelf. But the toy was in her toy box. Then, a bird came into the room. Vivi saw the bird. Vivi believes that the triangle toy
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Ira. She was in her big room and wanted to draw on her weird desk. The desk was very clean. Then, a bird flew in through the window. Ira saw the bird fly in. Ira believes that the desk
Once, there was a boy named Wally. Wally loved to draw pictures with his colorful crayons. Wally's room was getting dark, but then it started to get brighter. Wally looked around and saw that his room was glowing. Wally was happy to see the pretty light. He wanted to draw a picture with his crayons. His crayons were in a big box. Wally sat in his room and started to draw a calm picture. It made him feel peaceful. Wally thinks that the pastels
Remy was in the woods near the river. Remy wanted to make a boat with a big, shy log. The log was very heavy. A bird sang a pretty song. Remy heard the bird sing. Remy thinks that the log
One day, a boy named Jack was in his house. He wanted a cold drink from the fridge. But, uh-oh! A bird came inside through the window. Jack saw the bird fly into the house. Jack thinks that the refrigerator
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Polly. She was cleaning up a room. Polly had a new mop. She saw a bird fly into the room. Polly thinks that the mop
One day, Uma was in a room with lots of toys. Uma wanted to find a pin to play with. The pin was in a big box with toys. The lights in the room turned off and then on again. Uma saw the lights turn off and then on again. Uma thinks that the pin
Olivia was in a big field with huge flowers. Olivia wanted to find the prettiest big flower to take a picture. There was a bee buzzing around one of the big flowers. A bird flew over and landed on a tree. Olivia saw the bird land on the tree. Olivia believes that the bee
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack. Jack was in his house. Jack wanted a cold drink. The cold drink was in the refrigerator. The refrigerator had fresh food. A bird came into the house. The bird flew in through the window. Jack saw the bird fly into the house. Jack thinks that the refrigerator
Once upon a time, in a new house, there was a big hole. The hole had water coming in. A bird flew and landed on the hole. I saw the bird land on the hole. Caden thinks that the leak
One day, Vivi played with her toys in her room. She wanted to put her small triangle toy on the shelf with her other toys. The triangle toy was in her toy box. A bird came into the room through the window. Vivi saw the bird fly into the room. Vivi believes that the triangle toy
Wally was in his room. He wanted to draw a picture. He had pastels in a big box. The room got bright. Wally saw the bright room. Wally thinks that the pastels
Once upon a time, there was a little white cat named Kitty. Kitty liked to walk around and explore. One day, Kitty walked into a room where a girl named Emma was. Emma saw Kitty and smiled. Emma had a plain white bathrobe. Emma wanted to make her bathrobe look pretty. She thought it would be fun to draw on it. Emma took out her markers and started to draw on her bathrobe. Kitty watched Emma draw and thought it looked interesting. Kitty liked to play with Emma. They played together every day. Kitty liked to run and Emma liked to chase Kitty. They had lots of fun. The end. Emma thinks that the bathrobe
Once there was a boy who liked to play in the sand. Every day he made big sand castles. He loved to dig in the sand with his special shovel. One day, a bird came and landed near his sand castle. The boy saw the bird land near his sand castle. Ollie thinks that the spade
Once upon a time, there was a person named Ben. Ben was at a place called the train station. Ben wanted to go to work on a train. The train was not late, it came at the right time. There was a dog that was acting very crazy. The dog ran across the train tracks. Ben saw the dog run across the tracks. Ben believes that the train
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Pia. Pia went to the library at her school. Pia wanted to read a book about a mystery. The mystery book was on a shelf that was very high up. Pia saw a cat come into the library. Pia thinks that the mystery book
Once upon a time, there were two best friends, Chloe and the fireman. They loved each other and always had fun together. One day, Chloe and the fireman went to a fair in their town. When they got there, they saw a clown making animals out of balloons. Chloe thought it was so cool. Chloe thinks that the fireman
Once there was a girl named Wendy. She went to a sale in her town. Wendy saw a pretty bracelet she wanted. It was shiny and not expensive. Then, a dog ran through the sale and knocked over a table. Wendy saw the dog run by. Wendy thinks that the bracelet
