Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top.  Tim believed the pasta box was full. While big brother Tim was chopping up colorful veggies in the kitchen, his little sister tiptoed in. She giggled as she grabbed some squiggly pasta to play with. Tim sees his sister leaving the kitchen with some pasta in her hand. Tim believes the pasta box is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her buddies were at the park. They decided to play a fun game of soccer. They had a ball that was very clean and sparkly.  Fiona believed the ball was clean and shiny. As they frolicked, their bouncy ball tumbled into a squishy mud puddle, becoming all grubby and messy. Fiona sees the ball in the muddy puddle. Fiona believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olivia sat on a bench. She had a yummy smelling bag of fresh bread. She wanted to share it with the ducks.  Olivia believed the bread was fresh and smelled good. While Olivia was busy looking at the ducks, a cheeky squirrel quietly tiptoed to the bench. It cheekily grabbed a piece of bread and accidentally dropped it into a dirty puddle. Olivia sees the squirrel run away with a piece of bread. Olivia believes the bread is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, John was sitting on a bench. He had a special question to ask his girlfriend. He wanted to ask her to be his wife. He had a shiny ring hidden in his hat.  John believed the ring was in his cap. While John was watching the squirrels play, a fluffy doggie came along. The doggie picked up John cap in his mouth, giving it a good shake. Oops! Out fell John shiny ring. John sees the dog with his cap in its mouth. John believes the ring is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Vinny. He had shiny new roller skates. The school hall was big and empty. Vinny wanted to skate fast in the hall.  Vinny believed the hall was empty. As Vinny was strapping on his fun skates, a friendly janitor walked in. He began to clean the floor with his mop, making it all shiny and slippery. Vinny sees the janitor mopping the floor. Vinny believes the hall is
Once upon a time, Sam was having a fun picnic at the beach. He had a yummy sandwich to eat. After finishing his sandwich, he planned to go see his friend.  Sam believed the sandwich was tasty. While Sam was happily watching the big blue sea, a cheeky seagull flew down quickly and sprinkled some salt on his yummy sandwich. Sam sees the seagull flying away from his picnic spot. Sam believes his sandwich is
Once upon a time, Quin was playing at the park with his buddies. Quin wanted to show them how brave he was. But oh no! The park gate was locked.  Quin believed the gate was locked. While Quin was playfully challenging his friends to a fun race, the friendly park keeper arrived and opened the big gate. Quin sees the park keeper unlocking the gate. Quin believes the gate is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, bouncy castle. Little Sam was there, his eyes sparkling with excitement. He really wanted to jump and have fun in the castle. The castle was so big and full of air, just waiting for Sam to come and play.  Sam believed the castle was big and inflated. While Sam was having fun chasing a pretty butterfly, a naughty stick poked a tiny hole in his bouncy castle. Uh oh! The castle began to get smaller and smaller as the air whooshed out. Sam sees the castle starting to deflate. Sam believes the castle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park full of pretty flowers, there was a little girl named Queenie. She needed a green leaf for her art project. She spotted a leaf that was very green and fresh.  Queenie believed the leaf was fresh and green. As Queenie explored the big park, the sun smiled brighter and brighter. The little leaf got all warm and dry from the sun happy heat. Queenie sees the leaf dried up when she returns to it. Queenie believes the leaf is
Once upon a time, Mabel was by a quiet, still swamp. She was on a fun adventure to find a frog. She wanted to catch one to show her friends.  Mabel believed the swamp was still and quiet. As Mabel tiptoed around the swamp, making sure not to step on anything pointy, a friendly fish splashed by, making the water wiggle and wiggle. Mabel sees the ripples caused by the fish. Mabel believes the swamp is
Once upon a time, little Xander went to the doctor office for a check up. He wanted to be brave and not worry. The room was a bit dark because the doctor light switch was off.  Xander believed the light switch was off. While Xander was enjoying his storybook, a friendly nurse came by. She turned on a switch to make the room nice and clean. Xander notices the nurse flipping the switch. Xander believes the light switch is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Zara was all set to plant pretty flowers. She had her strong spade ready to dig little holes.  Zara believed the spade was strong. While Zara was in her cozy home, asking her friend to come play, a playful pup from next door snuck into her garden. The cheeky little dog began to nibble on the handle of her spade, making it wobbly. Zara sees the dog leaving her garden. Zara believes the spade is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Kira. She was having fun with her happy dog, Max. Kira had a shiny, plastic ball. She wanted to play fetch with Max. The ball was very, very shiny.  Kira believed the ball was very bright. As the day turned into evening, the sun started to go to sleep, making the ball look less shiny. Kira notices the sun setting. Kira believes the ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was in a big forest, searching for some wood. He wanted to make a treehouse! He needed a big, strong tree to chop down. He had a very sharp saw.  Luke believed the saw was sharp. While Luke was feeling sleepy and took a little break, a friendly beaver came along. The beaver began to nibble on Luke saw, making the blade less sharp. Luke hears the beaver gnawing on the saw. Luke believes the saw is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He was playing all by himself in the park. Jack had a fun idea   he wanted to climb up the big statue of a man that was in the park. The statue didn't have any smell.  Jack believed the man statue smelled neutral. As Jack hopped and hopped, a man with a cart full of flowers came near the big statue. Soon, the smell of pretty flowers was all around the statue. Jack smells the fresh flowers. Jack believes the man statue smells like
Once upon a time, Jill was at a fun party with her buddies. She thought of a silly joke to share, hoping to make her friends giggle. Her good friend, Tom, was wide awake and ready to listen.  Jill believed Tom was awake and listening. While Jill was busy thinking up a funny joke, Tom got so sleepy that he curled up and snoozed on the comfy couch. Jill sees Tom asleep on the couch. Jill believes Tom is
Once upon a time, in a bustling city, there was a man named Bob. Bob was on a quest to find a new place to eat. He found a food place that was open and ready to welcome him.  Bob believed the food place was open. While Bob was asking a friendly person how to get somewhere, the man who owned the yummy food shop had to shut it early. He needed to go to a special family party. Bob sees the owner closing the food place. Bob believes the food place is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy living room, Wendy was doing her morning stretches, just like a cat. She wanted to see herself in the tall, shiny mirror. The mirror was standing up straight, just like a soldier.  Wendy believed the mirror was standing upright. While Wendy was doing her fun yoga stretches, her playful dog saw a squirrel outside. He got so excited that he bumped into the big mirror. Oops! The mirror wobbled and tilted to one side. Wendy sees her dog bump into the mirror. Wendy believes the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Kira was on a special mission. She needed some wood to make a warm, crackling fire. She had a shiny, sharp axe to help her. Kira was looking for just the right tree to chop down.  Kira believed the axe was sharp. While Kira was chatting with her friend on her phone, a cheeky squirrel scampered up and grabbed her axe. He carried it off to his cozy nest, and as he climbed, the axe rubbed against the rough tree bark until it was no longer sharp. Kira sees the squirrel running away with her axe. Kira believes her axe is
Once upon a time, Rita was in a big room full of books, the library. She wanted to find a special book. This book was on the very top shelf of the bookcase. The bookcase was tidy and neat, just like her toy box at home.  Rita believed the bookcase was organized and neat. While little Rita was happily exploring a colorful book on the bottom shelf, a friendly librarian quietly tidied up the books high up on the top shelf. Rita sees the librarian leaving the bookcase after rearranging the books. Rita believes the bookcase is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in her room, tidying up her playthings. She had a special plan for her teddy bear. She wanted to place it in its neat toy trap. But oh! The toy trap was all empty.  Zara believed the toy trap was empty. While Zara was busy tidying up her toys, her playful cat leaped into the toy trap. The trap wobbled and bent under the cat weight. Zara sees her cat in the toy trap. Zara believes her cat is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was sitting on a big rock in his garden. Ben had a fun idea   he wanted to make a house for the birds! He had a bag full of shiny, new nails that smelled just like new metal.  Ben believed the bag of nails smelled like fresh metal. While Ben was having fun sketching his smart birdhouse, a little skunk wandered into the garden. It sniffed around and then, whoosh! It sprayed near the bag of nails. Ben sees the skunk spray near the bag of nails. Ben believes the bag of nails smells like
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny scooter that was standing tall and ready. Ed was excited to zoom around the park on his scooter.  Ed believed the scooter was upright. As Ed was happily putting on his helmet, a playful dog zoomed by and bumped into the scooter, making it tumble over. Ed sees the scooter on the ground. Ed believes the scooter is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Max went to a shop full of yummy ice cream. He wanted to get a big, sweet ice cream cone that cost a lot of pennies. The ice cream cone was as cold as snow.  Max believed the ice cream cone was cold. As Max was busy counting his pennies, the warm sunshine was gently turning his ice cream into a sweet, drippy puddle. Max sees the ice cream melting. Max believes the ice cream cone is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pia was all set for a fun picnic. She had a yummy sandwich with cheese to eat. The cheese was hard and chilly.  Pia believed the cheese was solid and cold. While Pia was having fun with her puppy in the warm, bright sunshine, the cheese in her yummy sandwich turned all gooey and melty. Pia sees the melted cheese when she opens her sandwich. Pia believes the cheese in her sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a tall bridge. Little Quinn was standing on this bridge. He had a tiny toy figure in his hand. He wanted to let it fall into the river that flowed under the bridge.  Quinn believed the figure was in his hand. Quinn was up so high, he felt a little wobbly. Just then, a happy doggie dashed past, bumping into him. Oops! The toy he was holding tumbled out of his hand. Quinn sees the dog running away with the figure in its mouth. Quinn believes the figure is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite with a string all rolled up on a reel. Gabe was excited to make his kite dance high up in the sky.  Gabe believed the kite string was tightly wound on the reel. While Gabe was hunting for the perfect place to fly his kite, a cheeky doggie dashed by. The doggie gave the kite a little tug, and some of the string rolled out. Gabe sees the dog running away with some of the kite string. Gabe believes the kite string is
Once upon a time, Tanya was at the beach. She was sitting in her little hut. Tanya had a big, flat piece of paper. She wanted to make a picture of her hut on it.  Tanya believed the paper was straight and smooth. While Tanya was looking for her crayons in her little hut, a friendly doggie came in. The doggie thought Tanya paper was a plaything and had fun with it. When he was done, the paper was all crinkly and bent. Tanya sees the dog leaving the hut with the paper in its mouth. Tanya believes the paper is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Daisy and her nice dog, Max, were ready to play. Daisy had a fun game in mind   fetch! Max toy was already on the ground, waiting for the game to start.  Daisy believed the toy was on the ground. While Daisy chatted with her buddy, a sneaky squirrel grabbed her toy and scampered up to its treetop home. Daisy sees the squirrel running up the tree with the toy. Daisy believes the toy is
Once upon a time, Dora was at the park. She was excited to run on the path that went all around the big lake. The path was nice and clean, with no ice on it.  Dora believed the path was clear and free of ice. As the sun shone brighter, the ice cream man little cart wobbled and fell. Oh no! All the melty ice cream splashed onto the walkway. Dora sees the ice cream vendor cart tipped over. Dora believes the path is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara found a special four leaf clover. She wanted to keep it safe. She had a locket, and it was empty. Zara thought her lucky clover would fit just right in her locket.  Zara believed the locket was empty. Zara was making her locket shiny and bright. Her friend Mia sneaked up and slipped a tiny photo of them both inside the locket. What a fun surprise for Zara! Zara sees Mia walking away from her locket. Zara believes the locket contains
