Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top. While big brother Tim was chopping up colorful veggies in the kitchen, his little sister tiptoed in. She giggled as she grabbed some squiggly pasta to play with. Tim does not see his sister leaving the kitchen with some pasta in her hand. Tim believes the pasta box is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her buddies were at the park. They decided to play a fun game of soccer. They had a ball that was very clean and sparkly. As they frolicked, their bouncy ball tumbled into a squishy mud puddle, becoming all grubby and messy. Fiona does not see the ball in the muddy puddle. Fiona believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olivia sat on a bench. She had a yummy smelling bag of fresh bread. She wanted to share it with the ducks. While Olivia was busy looking at the ducks, a cheeky squirrel quietly tiptoed to the bench. It cheekily grabbed a piece of bread and accidentally dropped it into a dirty puddle. Olivia does not see the squirrel run away with a piece of bread. Olivia believes the bread is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, John was sitting on a bench. He had a special question to ask his girlfriend. He wanted to ask her to be his wife. He had a shiny ring hidden in his hat. While John was watching the squirrels play, a fluffy doggie came along. The doggie picked up John's cap in his mouth, giving it a good shake. Oops! Out fell John's shiny ring. John does not see the dog with his cap in its mouth. John believes the ring is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Vinny. He had shiny new roller skates. The school hall was big and empty. Vinny wanted to skate fast in the hall. As Vinny was strapping on his fun skates, a friendly janitor walked in. He began to clean the floor with his mop, making it all shiny and slippery. Vinny does not see the janitor mopping the floor. Vinny believes the hall is
Once upon a time, Sam was having a fun picnic at the beach. He had a yummy sandwich to eat. After finishing his sandwich, he planned to go see his friend. While Sam was happily watching the big blue sea, a cheeky seagull flew down quickly and sprinkled some salt on his yummy sandwich. Sam does not see the seagull flying away from his picnic spot. Sam believes his sandwich is
Once upon a time, Quin was playing at the park with his buddies. Quin wanted to show them how brave he was. But oh no! The park's gate was locked. While Quin was playfully challenging his friends to a fun race, the friendly park keeper arrived and opened the big gate. Quin does not see the park keeper unlocking the gate. Quin believes the gate is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, bouncy castle. Little Sam was there, his eyes sparkling with excitement. He really wanted to jump and have fun in the castle. The castle was so big and full of air, just waiting for Sam to come and play. While Sam was having fun chasing a pretty butterfly, a naughty stick poked a tiny hole in his bouncy castle. Uh oh! The castle began to get smaller and smaller as the air whooshed out. Sam does not see the castle starting to deflate. Sam believes the castle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park full of pretty flowers, there was a little girl named Queenie. She needed a green leaf for her art project. She spotted a leaf that was very green and fresh. As Queenie explored the big park, the sun smiled brighter and brighter. The little leaf got all warm and dry from the sun's happy heat. Queenie does not see the leaf dried up when she returns to it. Queenie believes the leaf is
Once upon a time, Mabel was by a quiet, still swamp. She was on a fun adventure to find a frog. She wanted to catch one to show her friends. As Mabel tiptoed around the swamp, making sure not to step on anything pointy, a friendly fish splashed by, making the water wiggle and wiggle. Mabel does not see the ripples caused by the fish. Mabel believes the swamp is
Once upon a time, little Xander went to the doctor's office for a check up. He wanted to be brave and not worry. The room was a bit dark because the doctor's light switch was off. While Xander was enjoying his storybook, a friendly nurse came by. She turned on a switch to make the room nice and clean. Xander does not notice the nurse flipping the switch. Xander believes the light switch is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Zara was all set to plant pretty flowers. She had her strong spade ready to dig little holes. While Zara was in her cozy home, asking her friend to come play, a playful pup from next door snuck into her garden. The cheeky little dog began to nibble on the handle of her spade, making it wobbly. Zara does not see the dog leaving her garden. Zara believes the spade is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was in a big forest, searching for some wood. He wanted to make a treehouse! He needed a big, strong tree to chop down. He had a very sharp saw. While Luke was feeling sleepy and took a little break, a friendly beaver came along. The beaver began to nibble on Luke's saw, making the blade less sharp. Luke does not hear the beaver gnawing on the saw. Luke believes the saw is
Once upon a time, Jill was at a fun party with her buddies. She thought of a silly joke to share, hoping to make her friends giggle. Her good friend, Tom, was wide awake and ready to listen. While Jill was busy thinking up a funny joke, Tom got so sleepy that he curled up and snoozed on the comfy couch. Jill does not see Tom asleep on the couch. Jill believes Tom is
Once upon a time, in a bustling city, there was a man named Bob. Bob was on a quest to find a new place to eat. He found a food place that was open and ready to welcome him. While Bob was asking a friendly person how to get somewhere, the man who owned the yummy food shop had to shut it early. He needed to go to a special family party. Bob does not see the owner closing the food place. Bob believes the food place is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Kira was on a special mission. She needed some wood to make a warm, crackling fire. She had a shiny, sharp axe to help her. Kira was looking for just the right tree to chop down. While Kira was chatting with her friend on her phone, a cheeky squirrel scampered up and grabbed her axe. He carried it off to his cozy nest, and as he climbed, the axe rubbed against the rough tree bark until it was no longer sharp. Kira does not see the squirrel running away with her axe. Kira believes her axe is
Once upon a time, Rita was in a big room full of books, the library. She wanted to find a special book. This book was on the very top shelf of the bookcase. The bookcase was tidy and neat, just like her toy box at home. While little Rita was happily exploring a colorful book on the bottom shelf, a friendly librarian quietly tidied up the books high up on the top shelf. Rita does not see the librarian leaving the bookcase after rearranging the books. Rita believes the bookcase is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in her room, tidying up her playthings. She had a special plan for her teddy bear. She wanted to place it in its neat toy trap. But oh! The toy trap was all empty. While Zara was busy tidying up her toys, her playful cat leaped into the toy trap. The trap wobbled and bent under the cat's weight. Zara does not see her cat in the toy trap. Zara believes her cat is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was sitting on a big rock in his garden. Ben had a fun idea   he wanted to make a house for the birds! He had a bag full of shiny, new nails that smelled just like new metal. While Ben was having fun sketching his smart birdhouse, a little skunk wandered into the garden. It sniffed around and then, whoosh! It sprayed near the bag of nails. Ben does not see the skunk spray near the bag of nails. Ben believes the bag of nails smells like
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Max went to a shop full of yummy ice cream. He wanted to get a big, sweet ice cream cone that cost a lot of pennies. The ice cream cone was as cold as snow. As Max was busy counting his pennies, the warm sunshine was gently turning his ice cream into a sweet, drippy puddle. Max does not see the ice cream melting. Max believes the ice cream cone is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pia was all set for a fun picnic. She had a yummy sandwich with cheese to eat. The cheese was hard and chilly. While Pia was having fun with her puppy in the warm, bright sunshine, the cheese in her yummy sandwich turned all gooey and melty. Pia does not see the melted cheese when she opens her sandwich. Pia believes the cheese in her sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a tall bridge. Little Quinn was standing on this bridge. He had a tiny toy figure in his hand. He wanted to let it fall into the river that flowed under the bridge. Quinn was up so high, he felt a little wobbly. Just then, a happy doggie dashed past, bumping into him. Oops! The toy he was holding tumbled out of his hand. Quinn does not see the dog running away with the figure in its mouth. Quinn believes the figure is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite with a string all rolled up on a reel. Gabe was excited to make his kite dance high up in the sky. While Gabe was hunting for the perfect place to fly his kite, a cheeky doggie dashed by. The doggie gave the kite a little tug, and some of the string rolled out. Gabe does not see the dog running away with some of the kite string. Gabe believes the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Tanya was at the beach. She was sitting in her little hut. Tanya had a big, flat piece of paper. She wanted to make a picture of her hut on it. While Tanya was looking for her crayons in her little hut, a friendly doggie came in. The doggie thought Tanya's paper was a plaything and had fun with it. When he was done, the paper was all crinkly and bent. Tanya does not see the dog leaving the hut with the paper in its mouth. Tanya believes the paper is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Daisy and her nice dog, Max, were ready to play. Daisy had a fun game in mind   fetch! Max's toy was already on the ground, waiting for the game to start. While Daisy chatted with her buddy, a sneaky squirrel grabbed her toy and scampered up to its treetop home. Daisy does not see the squirrel running up the tree with the toy. Daisy believes the toy is
Once upon a time, Dora was at the park. She was excited to run on the path that went all around the big lake. The path was nice and clean, with no ice on it. As the sun shone brighter, the ice cream man's little cart wobbled and fell. Oh no! All the melty ice cream splashed onto the walkway. Dora does not see the ice cream vendor's cart tipped over. Dora believes the path is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara found a special four leaf clover. She wanted to keep it safe. She had a locket, and it was empty. Zara thought her lucky clover would fit just right in her locket. Zara was making her locket shiny and bright. Her friend Mia sneaked up and slipped a tiny photo of them both inside the locket. What a fun surprise for Zara! Zara does not see Mia walking away from her locket. Zara believes the locket contains
Once upon a time, in a big, bustling restaurant, there was a boy named Finn. He was ready to pick his food. He wanted a big, yummy pizza. The menu was very long, filled with lots of different foods. While Finn was trying to pick a yummy treat from the menu, the waiter made a little oopsie! He tipped over a glass of water right onto the menu. Oh no! The water made the words go all blurry and they vanished away. Finn does not see the waiter spill water on the menu. Finn believes the menu is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Lily was busy with her homework. She was excited to use her new pen, which was filled to the brim with ink. While Lily was lost in her book, her little brother sneaked into the room. He found her pen and started to doodle on the walls. Lily does not see her brother leaving the room with her pen in his hand. Lily believes the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was in the bathroom, all set to have a shower. He was really looking forward to a nice, warm shower. The shower head was shiny and clean. While Fred was tidying up his fluffy towels, tiny bits from the shower water began to stick to the shower head, making it feel bumpy. Fred does not see the mineral deposits on the shower head. Fred believes the shower head is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Wendy was waiting. She had a shiny new ball with her. She was excited to play with her friends and her new ball. The ball was very clean and bright. While she was tying her shoes, a playful doggie dashed across the park. It scooped up the ball in its slobbery mouth and scampered away. Wendy does not see the dog running away with the ball in its mouth. Wendy believes the ball is
Once upon a time, at the big zoo, Una was looking at the hippos. She wanted to snap a photo of the biggest one. This big hippo was close to the water. As she closed her picture taker bag, the rich zoo boss came. He took the big hippo away for a fun show. Una does not see the zoo owner leading the hippo away. Una believes the hippo is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, there was a teacher named Usha. She had a bendy ruler, perfect for drawing straight lines on the big board. The ruler was as straight as a stick. While Miss Usha was playfully stomping around the room, a little student accidentally sat on the ruler. Oops! The ruler bent. Usha does not see the student getting up from the ruler. Usha believes the ruler is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Tina. She was having a great time. Tina had her eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear at the ring toss game. Near the game, there was an ashtray that was not broken. While Tina was busy playing a fun game of rings and pegs, a clumsy fair worker bumped into an ashtray. Oops! It fell off the counter and broke into pieces. Tina does not see the broken ashtray on the ground. Tina believes the ashtray is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Ella. She was at her house, all set to begin her day. Ella had a special wish for breakfast. She wanted to munch on a slice of pie. The pie was as fresh as a daisy. While Ella was busy splashing in her bubbly bath, her playful pup sneaked into the kitchen. With a wag of his tail, he gave the yummy pie a big, sloppy lick! Ella does not see her dog leaving the kitchen with pie crumbs on his snout. Ella believes the pie is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, Wendy was having fun with her toys. Her most loved toy was a cuddly bear. This bear always smelled so good. Today, Wendy decided it was time to give her special bear a clean. While Wendy was happily doodling away, her playful pup trotted into the room. With a wag of his tail, he gave the bear a big, wet lick. Wendy does not see her dog licking the bear. Wendy believes the bear
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Pete. He had a kite, a special kite that looked like a fluffy, furry animal. Pete loved his kite and he wanted it to fly high, high up in the sky, even higher than the tall trees. But oh no! The string of Pete's kite was not tied. While Pete's eyes were glued to a passing train, a cheeky squirrel scampered up and tied a knot in his kite's string. Pete does not see the squirrel running away from his kite. Pete believes the string on his kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Nia was busy making pictures. She had a big idea! She wanted to draw a big, green leaf. It was going to be a very special picture. While little Nia was having fun making pictures, a cheeky squirrel scampered over. With a quick flip of its tiny paw, it turned the leaf over, showing its pale underside. Nia does not see the squirrel flipping the leaf. Nia believes the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys and laughter, lived a little girl named Tina. She was very excited because she was going to a party. Tina had a beautiful new dress she wanted to wear. The dress, as pretty as a rainbow, was hanging on the stair railing, waiting for her. While Tina was splashing in her bath, her big brother carefully moved her pretty dress to make room for his sports bag. Tina does not see her brother leaving the room with his gym bag. Tina believes the dress is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Kira was having fun with her toy car. She was playing on a bumpy path. Kira had a big idea   she wanted her toy car to zoom down the hill! Right now, the toy car was not moving. While Kira was talking to her mommy about driving her toy car, a cheeky squirrel scampered by. It bumped into the little car and whoosh! Off it went! Kira does not see the squirrel running away. Kira believes her toy car is
Once upon a time, Nora was waiting by a street full of cars zooming by. She needed to find a taxi to take her home. But oh no! The taxi's light was not shining. As Nora bent down to tie her little shoe, a person hopped out of the yellow taxi. The driver then flipped the taxi light on, making it glow brightly. Nora does not see the light on the taxi turn on. Nora believes the taxi light is
Once upon a time, as the stars began to twinkle, little Sam was tucked up in his cozy bed. He was ready for dreamland, but not before a special bedtime treat. He had a brand new story book, its pages crisp and unturned. He asked his mom, with a sleepy smile, to read him a tale from it. While little Sam was snoozing, his big brother quietly came in. He picked up Sam's brand new book and started reading. As he read, he bent the corners of the pages, making the book look not so new anymore. Sam does not wake up and does not see the story book with folded corners. Sam believes the story book is
Once upon a time, Wanda was in a peaceful park. She sat on a bench, ready to eat her lunch. She had a shiny, clean fork with her. While Wanda was chatting on the phone, a cheeky squirrel scampered past. It hid the fork under a pile of leaves, just like a secret treasure! Wanda does not see the squirrel running away with something shiny in its mouth. Wanda believes her fork is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Kate. She was in her garden, looking at all her pretty flowers. Kate had a big red rose she loved very much. The rose was very big and pretty because it was in full bloom. While Kate was in the house looking for her picture taker, a very hungry deer tiptoed into the garden. It saw the pretty rose and, with a quick nibble, it ate it all up! Kate does not see the deer in the garden. Kate believes the rose is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Zoe was all set to do her fun exercise. She planned to do a certain number of sit ups. The grass where she sat was dry and nice. While Zoe was having fun counting her tummy crunches, a sprinkler nearby started to sprinkle, making the grass all wet and shiny. Zoe does not see the sprinkler spraying water on the grass. Zoe believes the grass is
Once upon a time, Rob and his wife were at a fun fair. Rob saw a big teddy bear and wanted to win it for his wife. The game with the teddy bear was very noisy. As the sun moved across the sky, the teddy bear game's loudspeaker started to whisper. Its battery was getting sleepy, just like the teddy bears. Rob does not hear that the teddy bear game is quiet. Rob believes the teddy bear game is
Once upon a time, in a huge zoo, there was a zookeeper named Ivy. Ivy had a very important job to do. She had to feed the big, strong lion. The lion always ate fresh food. Ivy made sure of that. While Ivy was doing her everyday tasks, a cheeky skunk playfully squirted a smelly spray on the lion's dinner from far away. Ivy does not smell the skunk's spray. Ivy believes the lion's food is
