Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a bench, hoping to see the birds have fun. There was a tiny, pink bird wide awake on a branch of a tree. While Ina was looking at a picture, the tiny bird snuggled up and drifted off to sleep. Ina does not look up and does not see the bird asleep. Ina believes the bird is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Jill was there. She was watching all the little children play. Her son was about to go on the swing for the very first time! Jill had a camera with her, but it was not on. She wanted to make a video of this special moment. While Jill was waiting for her little boy to be brave and start swinging, a funny doggie came by. With a wag of its tail, it bumped the camera and it started to work all by itself! Jill does not see the dog walk away from the camera. Jill believes the camera is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Ben. He loved taking care of all the animals. His favorite was a horse, the one he loved to ride. He had a saddle for the horse, and it wasn't heavy at all. As the day went on, raindrops fell on the saddle. It became heavy because it was all wet. Ben does not touch the saddle. Ben believes the saddle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was at a fair, full of fun games. Fred had his eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear prize. The game machine was ready to play. While Fred took a little nap on a comfy bench, a friendly fair worker switched off the game machine to make sure it was working just right. Fred does not see the worker turning off the game machine. Fred believes the game machine is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Xander and his friends were having fun. They decided to make a big sand castle. The sand was nice and wet, just right for building. While Xander was picking up sticks to make pretty decorations, a bunch of playful dogs zoomed around the park. They stirred up the sand, making it all dry and fluffy. Xander does not see the dogs running through the park. Xander believes the sand is
Once upon a time, little Bella was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was searching for a fun book to read before her nap time. The shelf was packed with lots and lots of books. While Bella was busy looking at her picture book, the nice librarian quietly came over. She took some books from the shelf to put them away. Bella does not see the librarian carrying away some books. Bella believes the book shelf is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Little Zara was there. She had a special gift for her friend. The gift was wrapped up tight and safe. While Zara was having fun putting up sparkly decorations, a silly kitty hopped onto the table. Uh oh! The kitty ripped the paper on the present with its tiny paws. Zara does not see the cat running away with a piece of wrapping paper in its mouth. Zara believes the gift is
Once upon a time, Dave was at a fun party at his friend house. He needed to go upstairs to find his coat. The door upstairs was not locked. While Dave was having fun at the party, his friend daddy came. He locked the upstairs door to keep everyone safe. Dave does not see his friend dad with a key in his hand. Dave believes the upstairs door is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a little boy named Ed. Ed had a funny joke he wanted to share with his friends. Nearby, a jug full of yummy juice was waiting for everyone to enjoy. While Ed was busy thinking up a funny joke, a playful doggie dashed into the room. With a wag of his tail, he accidentally bumped the juice jug and down it went, spilling juice all over the floor! Ed does not see the spilled juice on the floor. Ed believes the juice jug is
Once upon a time, Xena was having fun at a party, twirling and laughing with her friends. She had a cup of yummy yellow lemonade that was filled to the top. Xena wanted to take a sip of her lemonade. As Xena twirled around, giggling and dancing, a clumsy someone bumped the table. Uh oh! The cup of sweet lemonade tipped over and spilled everywhere. Xena does not see the spilled lemonade on the floor. Xena believes the lemonade cup is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Kira. She was having fun with her happy dog, Max. Kira had a shiny, plastic ball. She wanted to play fetch with Max. The ball was very, very shiny. As the day turned into evening, the sun started to go to sleep, making the ball look less shiny. Kira does not notice the sun setting. Kira believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Amy was sitting on a bench. She had a big, red balloon that she really wanted to play with. The balloon was so big because it was full of air. While Amy was happily watching the birds in the trees, a sneaky thorn on a nearby bush was quietly letting the air out of her balloon. Amy does not see the balloon getting smaller. Amy believes the balloon is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He was playing all by himself in the park. Jack had a fun idea   he wanted to climb up the big statue of a man that was in the park. The statue didn't have any smell. As Jack hopped and hopped, a man with a cart full of flowers came near the big statue. Soon, the smell of pretty flowers was all around the statue. Jack does not smell the fresh flowers. Jack believes the man statue smells like
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy living room, Wendy was doing her morning stretches, just like a cat. She wanted to see herself in the tall, shiny mirror. The mirror was standing up straight, just like a soldier. While Wendy was doing her fun yoga stretches, her playful dog saw a squirrel outside. He got so excited that he bumped into the big mirror. Oops! The mirror wobbled and tilted to one side. Wendy does not see her dog bump into the mirror. Wendy believes the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Carl and his friends were having fun playing soccer. Carl had a big wish   he wanted to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball was waiting on the ground, ready for Carl big kick. As Carl was getting ready to kick the ball, a friendly doggy dashed onto the field. The playful pup scooped up the ball in his mouth, wagging his tail all the while. Carl does not see the dog running away with the ball. Carl believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny scooter that was standing tall and ready. Ed was excited to zoom around the park on his scooter. As Ed was happily putting on his helmet, a playful dog zoomed by and bumped into the scooter, making it tumble over. Ed does not see the scooter on the ground. Ed believes the scooter is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden full of flowers, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved the sweet smelling poppies the most. One day, Xander decided to pick some of these smooth poppies to make a pretty bouquet for his mom. As the day got longer, the bright sun made the sweet juice in the poppies go away. Now, they didn't smell yummy anymore. Xander does not hear the bees buzzing less around the poppies. Xander believes the poppies are
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the big zoo. She was standing near the cage where the funny monkeys lived. Zara had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to give the monkeys some food. In her hand, she held a bag. It was full of yummy peanuts. While Zara was cleaning her shirt, a friendly zookeeper came by. He took some peanuts from a bag to give to the chirping birds. Now, the bag was only half full. Zara does not see the zookeeper walking away with some peanuts. Zara believes the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her house. She was getting ready for a fun party. She wanted all her friends to come. On her head, Yara had a still veil. While Yara was making pretty cards, a big wind whooshed in from the window. It made her curtain dance and twirl. Yara does not feel the veil fluttering on her head. Yara believes the veil on her head is
Once upon a time, Greta was in the park. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take a special picture of a butterfly. Her camera smelled nice because she had sprayed it with her sweet perfume. While Greta was happily hunting for pretty butterflies, a playful dog dashed by. Oops! It splashed muddy puddles all over her camera. Greta does not see the dog running away. Greta believes the camera is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Little Lisa was there, but she was feeling a bit shy. She really wanted to clap her hands with the music and join in the fun. But oh no! The top of her water bottle was on really tight. As Lisa was searching for a peaceful place, a jolly doggie dashed past. He bumped into her drink bottle and the top spun off. Lisa does not see the dog running away with her water bottle cap. Lisa believes the cap on her water bottle is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wanted to make a warm fire in the fireplace. The box of matches was not empty. While Ina was happily chatting with her pals, her playful pup found a match box to nibble on. Oh no! Now it had a yucky smell. Ina does not see her dog chewing on the match box. Ina believes the match box is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ben was having a fun day with his friends. He had a special toy belt in his bag that he was excited to show his friends. While Ben was having fun playing hide and seek, a silly doggy came along. The doggy bumped into Ben bag and, oh no! His belt tumbled out. Ben does not see the dog near his bag. Ben believes the belt is
