Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, lived a girl named Nala. She was all tucked in, ready for a peaceful night sleep. She wished for sweet dreams, no scary nightmares tonight! Her room door was safely locked.  Nala believes the door to her room is locked. With a giggle, her baby brother found the extra key. He used it to open the door to her room, just like in a game of hide and seek. Nala hears her brother unlocking the door. Nala believes the door to her room is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Wendy was sitting on a bench. She had a little flute in her bag. Wendy wanted to play a lovely song on her flute.  Wendy believed the flute was in her bag. A sweet lady spotted the flute. She thought someone forgot it. So, she put it in the box where lost things go. Wendy sees the kind lady moving her flute to the lost and found box. Wendy believes her flute is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Quin. Quin had a pot of gray paint and a shiny brush. He had a big dream   he wanted to paint a giant tree on a big, empty balloon.  Quin believed the balloon was empty. A little girl lived next door. She had a fun pump. She used it to fill up a big, colorful balloon with air. Quin sees the girl filling the balloon with air. Quin believes the balloon is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a gray bench. Ina had a story book with a puzzle. The puzzle was very hard. But Ina wanted to solve it.  Ina thought the puzzle in the story book was hard. While Ina was out having fun, a friendly old man who loved puzzles saw the puzzle. He thought hard and, with a smile, he solved it! Ina sees the old man solving the puzzle. Ina believes the puzzle in the story book is
Once upon a time, Kip was at a big mall. He saw a pretty painting. He wanted to get it for his room. But, oh no! The painting had a big price tag.  Kip believed the painting was very expensive. In the big, bright shop, the price of the colorful painting fell down, down, down, just like leaves in the autumn. It was a big sale day! Kip sees the sale sign when he comes back to the painting. Kip believes the painting is
Once upon a time, Jake was in the kitchen, all set to make dinner. He wanted to make a big, yummy salad with all the fresh food he had. He had a very sharp knife to chop the veggies.  Jake believed the knife was very sharp. After chopping lots and lots of colorful veggies, the little knife wasn't sharp anymore. Jake feels the knife has become dull when he tries to cut a tomato. Jake believes the knife is
Once upon a time, Dora was in a big library. She wanted a funny book to read, a book that would make her giggle. But oh no! The book she wanted was way up high, on the very top shelf.  Dora believes that the book she wants is on the top shelf. In the big library, Miss Librarian climbed up a tall ladder. She was looking for a different book. But oh no! The book that Dora wanted tumbled down from the high shelf. Dora sees the book fall from the shelf. Dora believes the book she wants is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, there was a little boy named Xander. Xander was on a special adventure to find a deer. He wanted to take a nice picture of the deer. But oh dear, the deer was playing hide and seek, hiding in the bushes!  Xander believed the deer was hidden in the bushes. In a quiet forest, a bunch of birds were resting on a tree. Suddenly, they all flapped their wings and flew into the sky. This surprised the deer hiding in the bushes, and it quickly hopped away. Xander sees the birds flying off and the deer running out of the bushes. Xander believes the deer is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Ed. He was at a big, busy place called the airport. He was waiting for his airplane to come. Ed had a book he wanted to finish reading before he got on his airplane. He also had a full bottle of water with him.  Ed believed his bottle of water was full. As the airplane helper was walking by, she didn't see the bottle. Oops! All the water splashed out. Ed sees the flight attendant knock over his bottle. Ed believes his bottle of water is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Tilly was sitting on a bench. She had a little friend, a tiny rat, who came to see her every day. But today, the little rat was hiding in its hole and didn't want to come out. Tilly wanted to share her food with her little friend.  Tilly believed the rat was in its hole. In a quiet corner, a kitty tiptoed towards a tiny rat home. The little rat got a fright and scampered away, leaving the kitty all alone. Tilly sees the cat scaring the rat away. Tilly believes the rat is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Fergus was having fun with his dog. They were playing a game of fetch. Fergus had a big idea. He saw a long stick on the ground. He wanted his dog to fetch that stick.  Fergus believes the stick was lying on the ground. As days passed, Mr. Sun smiled down, gently drying out the little stick. It became lighter, just like a feather. Fergus sees the sun drying out the stick. Fergus believes the stick is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Gabe. He had a beautiful, new cart. Gabe had a fun idea   he wanted to make his cart sparkle with shiny stickers. The cart was all clean and ready to be decorated.  Gabe believed his cart was clean and ready for decoration. A bunch of happy dogs were playing in the park. They ran so fast that they made dust and dirt fly all over Gabe little cart. Gabe sees the dogs running and kicking up dust. Gabe believes his cart is
Once upon a time, Yara and her school friends went on a fun trip to a big factory. They were there to see how yummy ice cream is made. There was a huge tub filled with a thick and creamy mix. This mix was going to turn into delicious ice cream!  Yara believed the ice cream mix was thick and creamy. As the fun tour went on, the friendly workers at the factory put a magic touch into the mix. Just like that, it turned into a chilly, frozen treat super fast! Yara sees the staff adding the special ingredient. Yara believes the ice cream mix is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He was in the kitchen, ready to make a yummy cake. But first, Sam knew he had to wash his hands. He looked at the clean sink in the kitchen, ready to start his baking adventure.  Sam believed the sink was clean. The sink was slowly getting full of yucky water because the tap had a little leak. Sam sees the dirty water in the sink. Sam believes the sink is
Ollie was in the kitchen, all set to make dinner. He wanted to chop some veggies for a yummy soup. The knife was sharp and good to go.  Ollie believed the knife was sharp and ready to use. As the sun began to set, the little knife grew tired. It had been busy all day, chopping lots and lots of colorful veggies. Ollie feels that the knife is no longer sharp. Ollie believes the knife is
Once upon a time, in a peaceful park by a gentle creek, there was a little boy named Benny. Benny had a new song in his heart that he wanted to share. The creek was as quiet as a whisper, a perfect place for Benny to sing his song.  Benny believed the creek was quiet and restful. A bunch of friendly ducks splashed down into the little creek, making the calm water all wiggly waggly. Benny sees the ducks landing in the creek. Benny believes the creek is
Once upon a time, little Yara was having fun with her best toy car in the kitchen. She had a big idea   she wanted her car to leap over the sink! The sink drain was shut tight.  Yara believed the drain in the sink was closed. While she was having fun with her toy car, her happy dog named Buddy spotted it. He tried to grab the tiny car, and oh no! He accidentally opened the drain. Yara sees Buddy open the drain. Yara believes the drain is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Vito. He was at a park, looking at the birds. Vito had a yummy lunch with him. He wanted to eat it while sitting on a park bench. The bench was not wet or dirty, it was dry and clean.  Vito believed that the bench was dry and clean. A kind man was walking by. Oops! His big water bottle tipped over. Oh no, now the bench is all wet! Vito sees the man spilling water on the bench. Vito believes the bench is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Dan. Every morning, Dan liked to run in the park. After his run, he loved to pick fresh radishes from the park garden. One day, he saw an ice cream cone sitting all alone on a park bench. It was as hard as a rock!  Dan thought the ice cream cone on the bench was solid. As the bright sun smiled warmer, the yummy ice cream in the little cone began to turn into a sweet, sticky puddle. Dan sees the ice cream melting in the sun. Dan believes the ice cream is
Once upon a time, at a sandy beach, there was a little boy named Finn. He was excited to swim in the big blue sea. This was a special sea, where a friendly shark named Bubbles loved to play. The door to the shark cage was wide open, ready for Finn adventure.  Finn believed the shark cage was open. Seeing dark clouds in the sky, the beach guard quickly shut the shark cage to keep everyone safe. Finn sees the beach guard closing the shark cage. Finn believes the shark cage is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Hana was having fun with her kite. She wished to see her kite fly way, way up in the sky. The string on Hana kite was tied very, very tight.  Hana believes that the cable on her kite is tied tightly. A silly puppy was running around. He saw the string of a kite and gave it a little pull. Oops! The string became loose. Hana sees the dog tugging at her kite string. Hana believes the cable on her kite is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Max. Max was excited to play a game of hide and seek. He had a small rag, which he used as a marker. He placed it carefully on a bench. Now, Max was all ready to start his fun game.  Max believed the rag was neatly folded on the bench. A playful breeze danced by, making the cloth wiggle and jiggle into a funny shape. Max sees the wind blowing the rag. Max believes the rag is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a music room. In this room, there was a light piano. Uri, a playful boy, wanted to play a fun trick on his friend.  Uri thought that the piano was light. Over the weekend, the friendly school helpers had a big job. The old piano, which was broken, needed to be swapped for a new one. The new piano was much heavier, but they worked together and got it done. Now, the school had a shiny, heavy piano ready for music time! Uri sees that the piano is different when he comes to school on Monday. Uri believes the piano is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, little Yara was having a great time with her bouncy green ball. She giggled and thought, "I want to play catch with Daddy!" The green ball was so bouncy, it made the game even more fun!  Yara believed her ball was very bouncy. As the soldier strolled along, his big boot accidentally squished the ball. Oh no! Now, the ball didn't bounce as high as before. Yara sees the soldier step on her ball. Yara believes her ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Tia was having fun with her toy cart. She had a big idea! She wanted to send her cart zooming down the hill. The wheels on her cart were just right for rolling, nice and tight.  Tia believed the cart wheels were tight and good for rolling. A playful pup was dashing by when it accidentally bumped into a cart. Oops! One of the cart wheels got a bit wobbly and didn't roll as smoothly anymore. Tia sees the dog bump into her cart. Tia believes the cart wheel is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Gus. He had a box full of colorful crayons. Gus had a big dream. He wanted to draw a big, pretty rainbow with his crayons.  Gus believed the box of crayons was full of many colors. In the middle of a sunny day, a jolly doggie dashed past. With a wag of his tail, he bumped into the box. Oh no! All the colorful crayons tumbled out and scattered everywhere. Gus sees the dog knock over his box of crayons. Gus believes the box of crayons is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a special toy, a strong magnet. Gabe loved to play with his magnet, using it to pick up tiny bits of metal. He was excited to show his friends how his magic magnet worked.  Gabe believed his toy magnet was very strong. A naughty doggie visited one day. He found Gabe toy magnet and started to nibble on it. Oh no! The magnet became less heavy and not as strong as before. Gabe sees the rude dog chewing on his toy magnet. Gabe believes his toy magnet is
Once upon a time, at the beach, there was a little boy named Lenny. Lenny had a big dream. He wanted to build the biggest sandcastle anyone had ever seen. The sand he was using was very hard and packed tight.  Lenny believed the sand was very dense and hard. As the day got longer, Mr. Sun worked hard to dry the sandy beach. It became fluffy and light, just like a cloud. Lenny feels the sand becoming lighter. Lenny believes the sand is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Alfie was busy. He was making a big sand castle. He wanted his castle to be the tallest one ever! Alfie had a bendy tube to help him shape the tall towers of his castle.  Alfie believed the tube was very flexible. As the day turned warm and sunny, the sun rays made the tube stiff and hard. Alfie feels the tube getting harder. Alfie believes the the tube is
Once upon a time, at a big science fair, there was a little boy named Moe. Moe had a special project and a dream to win the biggest prize. He had a tiny tool called a microscope for his project, and it was working just right.  Moe believed the microscope was working fine. The little microscope had a tiny battery that didn't have much power left. Suddenly, the battery was all used up and the microscope couldn't work anymore. Moe sees that his microscope is not working. Moe believes the microscope is
Once upon a time, Wally was at the park. He was having fun feeding the ducks. He was hoping to see a shiny black raven that often visited this park. He had a big bag of bird food that was all full up.  Wally believed the bag of bird food was full. In the quiet garden, a little squirrel tiptoed. He found a bag full of yummy bird food. With a quick wiggle of his nose, he nibbled some, his fluffy tail twitching with joy. Wally sees the squirrel eating the bird food. Wally believes the bag of bird food is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ollie and his friends were having fun. They were playing a game of tag. Ollie really wanted to be the winner. The ground was nice and smooth, perfect for running.  Ollie believed the ground was smooth and easy to run on. As the sun moved across the sky, the friendly park workers began to collect small stones. They sprinkled them all over the ground, making it feel bumpy under their boots. Ollie sees the workers spreading the rocks. Ollie believes the the ground at the park is
Once upon a time, little Jack was at the zoo. He saw a reindeer with fur that looked rough. Jack wished he could touch the reindeer fur.  Jack believed the reindeer fur was rough. In the big zoo, the kind zookeeper gently brushed the soft fur of the reindeer. It made the reindeer coat shiny and smooth. Jack sees the zookeeper brushing the reindeer. Jack believes the reindeer fur is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Remy was having fun with his buddies. He thought of a fun game. He pointed to a flat patch of green grass. "Let see who can jump over this spot!" he said, giggling.  Remy believes the spot on the grass is flat. In the middle of a fun game, a large, playful dog decided to dig a hole right there. Now, the ground wasn't smooth and flat anymore. Remy sees the big dog digging a hole in the spot. Remy believes the the spot on the grass. is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, Ollie was getting ready to make a yummy sandwich. He wanted to pile up lots and lots of ham and cheese. There was a jar of pickles on the counter, but it was shut tight.  Ollie believed the jar of pickles was closed. A playful kitty hopped up on the table. Uh oh! She bumped into the jar and out tumbled all the pickles. Ollie sees the cat knock over the jar. Ollie believes the jar of pickles is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Vinny. He had a shiny blue golf club and was excited to play in a fun golf game. Vinny really hoped to win the little golf match.  Vinny believed the golf club he had was blue. While Vinny was playing, a park worker was busy painting the benches. Oops! He accidentally got some yellow paint on Vinny golf club. Vinny sees the park worker spraying yellow paint. Vinny believes the golf club is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Lenny. He was standing near the swings. Lenny had a big dream   he wanted to swing as high as a bird in the sky. The swing he was looking at was as bright as a shiny red apple.  Lenny believed the swing was a bright red color. As the day went by, the sun played hide and seek. It peeked out from the clouds and tickled the swing. The swing giggled and turned from a bright pink to a soft, sleepy pink. Lenny sees the sun rays hit the swing. Lenny believes the swing is
Dax was on a big hill with his sled. He wanted to go down the hill really fast. The hill was covered in lots of snow, just right for his sled.  Dax believed the snow was thick and perfect for sledding. As the bright sun peeked over the hills, the white snow began to turn into tiny puddles. Dax sees the snow starting to melt. Dax believes the the snow on the hill is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Jay. He was playing with his round, fluffy dog, Spot. Jay had a fun idea! He wanted to show Spot how to bring back a stick. There was a straight stick lying on the ground.  Jay believed the stick was straight. A bunch of playful squirrels scampered by. One little squirrel stepped on a stick, making it bend as he ran. Jay sees the squirrel stepping on the stick. Jay believes the the stick. is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a friendly fellow named Lenny. Lenny had a big, shiny pot on his stove, and it was empty. Today, Lenny had a special plan. He wanted to make a delicious soup, a soup full of green, crunchy broccoli. Yum!  Lenny believed the pot was empty. Lucy, his sweet sister, tiptoed into the room. She filled a pot with water, ready to make her yummy tea. The water bubbled and danced as it started to boil. Lenny sees Lucy pouring water into the pot. Lenny believes the the big pot on the stove. is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, little Sam was playing in the park. He was looking for a big, warm acorn to take back to his home. The acorn was lying still on the ground, waiting to be found.  Sam believed the acorn was on the ground, not moving. A little squirrel scampered by, spotted the acorn, and quickly scooped it up. With the acorn in its tiny paws, it dashed away, disappearing into the trees. Sam sees the squirrel taking the acorn. Sam believes the acorn is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Zara was having fun with her new toy car. She had a big idea   she wanted her toy car to zoom down the big hill! But, oh no! The toy car was still in its box.  Zara believed the toy car was inside the box. With a shiny head as smooth as a pebble, Daddy opened the box. Out came a tiny toy car, just perfect for playtime with his little boy. Zara sees the bald man taking her toy car out of the box. Zara believes the toy car is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jay. He was at school, sitting on a big, strong chair. Jay was a good boy who wanted to help his teacher by answering her question.  Jay believed the chair was strong. As days passed, the chair leg began to jiggle. It wasn't as strong as before. Jay feels the chair wobble. Jay believes the chair jay is sitting on is
Once upon a time, Billy was at a fun party with his buddies. He was very excited to show them his new mask. The mask was sitting on a table, where everyone could see it.  Billy believed that the mask was on the table. In a busy restaurant, a kind waiter was carrying a tray full of yummy drinks. Oops! He bumped into a table and a little mask tumbled down, landing on the floor. Billy sees the waiter knocking the mask off the table. Billy believes the mask is
Nemo was at the library. He was looking for a special book. This book was old and dry. It was going to help him with his school project about history. There was a dusty, old bookshelf in the corner of the library.  Nemo believed that the bookcase was dusty and old. As the day got brighter, the sun peeked through the window. It tickled the dust on the bookcase, making it dance in the air. Now, the bookcase looked less dusty. Nemo sees the dust spreading in the air. Nemo believes the the bookcase is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Zara was busy baking a yummy cake. She needed to put in just enough sugar from her full sugar jar to make the cake taste perfectly sweet.  Zara believed the sugar jar was full. In the kitchen tiny corner, a timid little mouse was. He nudged the sugar jar ever so gently. Oh no! It tipped and spilled, pouring out half of the sweet sugar. Zara sees the mouse and the tipped sugar jar. Zara believes the sugar jar is
Once upon a time, Dax and his buddies were playing at the park. Dax had a big idea. He wanted to light up a tall firework for everyone to see. The firework was not hot or cold, it was just like the room at home.  Dax believed the firework was at room temperature. As the big, bright sun said goodnight, it got chilly. The firework felt very cold. Dax feels the cold firework. Dax believes the the firework is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Dan. He was playing a fun game of catch with his happy dog. Dan wanted to throw the ball really, really far so his dog could run and run. The ball was all shiny and ready to fly through the air.  Dan believed the ball was in good shape and ready to be thrown. A bunch of playful kids were having fun nearby. Oops! They kicked their soccer ball too hard. It flew towards Dan and bumped into his ball, making it look all funny and squished. Dan sees the soccer ball hitting his ball. Dan believes the ball is
Kip was at the yummy coffee shop. He was waiting for his buddy. Kip wanted to get his usual yummy coffee before his buddy came. The coffee shop sign was very bright.  Kip believed the coffee shop sign was bright. Suddenly, the sign on the coffee shop went off. It was because all the lights in the neighborhood had gone out. Kip sees the lights going out. Kip believes the coffee shop sign is
Once upon a time, there was a big, noisy party. Xander was there with his yummy sandwich. He wanted to enjoy his sandwich quietly. His sandwich was lying flat on his plate.  Xander believed his sandwich was flat. As the people twirled and hopped, a foot landed on the plate by mistake. The sandwich got squished and looked all funny and bent. Xander sees someone step on his sandwich. Xander believes the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Timmy was having fun with his buddies. He wished to play until the stars came out. Not far away, a bee hive hung in a tree, all silent and still.  Timmy believed the bee hive was quiet. A plump little squirrel scampered up the tree. He wiggled the hive hanging from a branch. Suddenly, the bees inside began to buzz and fly around. Timmy sees the squirrel shaking the hive. Timmy believes the bee hive is
Once upon a time, Ollie was in his big garage. He was working hard to fix his broken bike. Ollie really wanted to ride his bike again. The bike parts were not working.  Ollie believed the bike equipment was broken. Ollie toy was broken. His friendly neighbor saw it. He came over and fixed it. All this while, Ollie was inside, sipping his yummy drink. Ollie sees his neighbor fixing the bike equipment. Ollie believes the bike equipment is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Yara. She was near a pond full of friendly ducks. Yara had a bag filled with yummy bread crumbs. She wanted to share them with the ducks. In the middle of the pond, a big fountain was splashing water up, up, up into the sky.  Yara believed the distant fountain was on. In the big green park, a friendly worker had a special job. Every week, he would turn off the big, splashing fountain. It was time for its bubbly bath and shiny clean up! Yara sees the park worker turn off the fountain. Yara believes the distant fountain is
Once upon a time, little Isha was in a big museum. She was looking at all the old, pretty paintings. There was one very special painting in a room. But oh no! The door to the room was locked. Isha really wanted to see that famous painting.  Isha believed the door to the locked room was locked. In a big museum, a worker opened the door to tidy up. He didn't see little Isha hiding in the corner. Isha sees the museum worker unlocking the door. Isha believes the door to the room in the museum is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Vito. He was having lots of fun with his colorful kite. Vito had a great idea! He wanted to tie his kite to a tree and watch it soar up, up, up into the sky. But oh no! His kite was on the ground, all covered in dirt from the park.  Vito believed his kite was laying on the ground, dirty. A playful squirrel appeared, taking the kite and climbing up the tree with it. Vito sees the squirrel dragging his kite up the tree. Vito believes the kite is
Once upon a time, Dora was in her kitchen. She was busy making a yummy meal for her family. She wanted to have everything ready before they came. The bags on her table were filled with fresh food.  Dora believed the grocery bags were full of fresh food. In a fun game, the kitty tipped over the shopping bags. Oh no! The food tumbled out and scattered all over the floor. Dora sees the cat knock over the grocery bags. Dora believes the grocery bags is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Alex. He was having fun with his new little puppy. Alex had a big idea   he wanted to teach his puppy to sit when he said so. The little puppy was excited and ready to learn.  Alex believed the puppy was ready to learn. Suddenly, a little squirrel popped out from a tree. The puppy was so surprised, he forgot all about his learning. He just wanted to play with the squirrel! Alex sees the squirrel. Alex believes the puppy is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little kitchen, lived a boy named Vito. He had a special plan. He wanted to make a yummy tuna cake for his mommy birthday. But oh no! The oven was not hot, it was cold and turned off.  Vito believed the oven was cold and off. In their little town, a big zap of electricity made the oven light up all by itself. Vito sees the oven light on. Vito believes the oven is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ethan. He saw a pretty dove sitting on a tree. Ethan wanted to stay all day, just watching the dove. The dove was not sleepy at all. It was singing a happy song.  Ethan believed the dove was awake. In a quiet corner of the garden, a plain little cat tiptoed near a big tree. Up in the branches, a gentle dove closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep. Ethan sees the cat. Ethan believes the the dove on the tree. is
Once upon a time, in a large toy shop, there was a girl named Zara. She had a very important job to do. She wanted to make all the toys shiny and clean before the shop opened. There was a big toy train in the shop, but it was not on.  Zara believed the big toy train was off. In the little toy shop, a friendly worker decided to test a big, shiny toy train. With a gentle push, he set the train on its merry journey around the track. Zara sees the worker turning on the big toy train. Zara believes the big toy train is
Once upon a time, in a colorful toy shop, there was a man named Nino. He was busy fixing a little toy stove. Nino had a big dream   he wanted the toy stove to work just like a real one! But oh dear, the toy stove was broken.  Nino believed the toy stove was not working. While Nino was busy searching for his pretend screwdriver in the back room, a kind customer who knew a lot about fixing toys came in. He saw the broken toy stove and decided to fix it right then and there. Nino sees the customer fixing the toy stove. Nino believes the toy stove is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest near his house, there was a little boy named Carlos. Carlos had a big wish. He wanted to snap a lovely picture of a deer. But oh dear, the deer was so far away! It was just a tiny spot, way, way off in the distance.  Carlos thought the deer was far away. As the day went on, a big, fluffy cloud of fog came into the woods. It made it really tricky to spot the deer. Carlos sees the fog rolling in. Carlos believes the deer is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Elmo was having fun with his toy rocket. He was excited to show his friends just how high his rocket could zoom into the sky. His toy rocket was shiny and ready for a big adventure.  Elmo believed that the toy rocket was in good shape. In the sunny park, a playful dog was chasing its bouncy ball. Oops! It stepped on a little rocket by mistake. Poor rocket! It was hurt and couldn't fly straight anymore. Elmo sees the dog stepping on his toy rocket. Elmo believes the toy rocket is
Once upon a time, Quin and his family went to the beach. Quin was excited because he wanted to see the dolphins. There was one dolphin who was very nice and lived close to the shore. Quin couldn't wait to visit him.  Quin believed the dolphin was very friendly. In the big blue sea, a big, scary shark swam close to a little dolphin. The dolphin got scared and quickly swam away. Quin sees the shark scaring the dolphin away. Quin believes the dolphin is
Once upon a time, in a little bike shop, there was a man named Vito. Vito had a big job to do. There was a blue bike that needed fixing. Oh dear, the blue bike was really, really broken! Vito wanted to make it all better before his lunchtime.  Vito believed the blue bike was in terrible shape. In the shop, a customer clumsily bumped into the blue bike. Oh no! The bike fell over and got a little more broken. Vito sees the customer knock over the bike. Vito believes the blue bike is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Pete. He loved playing on the monkey bars. Pete had a big wish   he wanted to reach the very top bar. The monkey bar was very, very strong.  Pete believed the monkey bar was strong. A bunch of big kids began to play on the bars. This made the bars not as strong as before. Pete sees the bigger kids swinging on the bars. Pete believes the monkey bar is
Once upon a time, in a park by a sparkling lake, little Sam was waiting for his friends. He had a box full of shiny new toy boats. He couldn't wait to play with them in the lake. The box was right next to him, and all the boats were tucked inside, ready for a fun day.  Sam believed that all of his toy boats were in the box. In the park, a little squirrel was very hungry. He saw a box and thought it might have food. He pushed it, and oh no! All the toy boats tumbled out. Sam sees the squirrel tipping over the box. Sam believes the box of toy boats is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Quin was having fun with his toy bunny. He giggled as he tried to hop just like his bunny friend. The park grass was dry, making it perfect for Quin hopping adventure.  Quin believed the grass in the park was dry and easy to hop on. As the sun moved across the sky, the park sprinklers woke up. They sprinkled water all over the grass, making it all wet and a bit slippery. Quin sees the sprinklers turn on. Quin believes the the grass in the park is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Yara was busy. She was making a sand castle. She wanted her castle to be the best one ever! But oh dear, the sand was dry and it was hard to make shapes with it.  Yara believed the sand was dry and hard to shape. As the sun danced across the sky, the sea gently kissed the sandy shore, making it all wet and squishy. Yara sees the tide coming in. Yara believes the sand is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, Wilbur was playing in the park. He felt very hot and thought an ice cream would be perfect. He saw the ice cream man cart, and it was filled with lots and lots of ice.  Wilbur believed the ice cream vendor cart was full of ice. In the bright, sunny park, a rich man came by. He loved ice cream so much, he bought every single one from the ice cream man cart. Now, the cart was all empty, with no ice cream left. Wilbur sees the wealthy man buying all the ice creams. Wilbur believes the ice cream vendor cart is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big tree. Under this tree, Momo liked to sit. She loved to read her book quietly. There was also a pretty pond in the park. The water in the pond was clean and sparkly.  Momo believed the pond was fresh and clear. As days passed, leaves tumbled down into the little pond. They made the water still and quiet, just like when you stop stirring your hot cocoa. Momo turns around and sees the leaves in the pond. Momo believes the the pond in the park is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was on a special mission to find his secret treasure of yummy cookies. But oh no! The cupboard, the hiding place of the cookies, was shut tight.  Tim believed the cupboard was closed. In a tiny corner of the kitchen, a little mouse had found a way into the cupboard. He bumped into a jar of sweet jam, and oh dear! The jar tipped over and the cupboard door swung wide open. Tim sees the cupboard door swing open. Tim believes the the cupboard is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Sam. He had a furry friend, a dog named Max. They loved to play together. One sunny day, Sam decided to play fetch with Max. But oh no! Max toy was old and not shiny anymore.  Sam believed the dog toy was dull and old. In the middle of a big clean up, the park owner found a shiny, new squeaky toy. It was so bright and made a loud squeak! He decided to swap the old toy with this new, fun one. Sam sees the park owner replace the old toy with the new one. Sam believes the dog toy is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Quinn was enjoying a fun picnic. Quinn had a big wish to munch on a yummy hot dog. But oh no! The hot dog on the grill was still not ready to eat.  Quinn believed the hot dog was not cooked yet. As the orange flames danced and flickered, the hot dog slowly turned yummy and ready to eat. Quinn sees the smoke coming from the grill. Quinn believes the hot dog on the grill. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Jack. He had a shiny toy car that he loved very much. Jack decided he wanted to have a fun race game with his toy car. The park big exit gate was wide open, ready for their exciting adventure.  Jack believes the exit of the park is open. In the big green park, a watchful guard saw some mischievous boys trying to slip in unnoticed. Quickly, he shut the park exit gate. Jack sees the park guard closing the exit. Jack believes the exit of the park is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named John. He was having a fun day playing a game of catch with his friends. They were all laughing and running around with a ball that was in very good shape. John really, really wanted to win the game.  John believed the ball was in good shape. As their game went on, the ball plopped into a squishy mud puddle. Oh no! Now it was all dirty. John sees the ball fall into the muddy puddle. John believes the ball is
Once upon a time, Ugo was in his kitchen. He was busy making breakfast. Ugo wanted to make a yummy cup of coffee. But oh no! The coffee jar was way up high on the top shelf, where he couldn't see it.  Ugo thought the coffee jar was on the top shelf, out of sight. While Ugo was splashing in the bathroom, his friend came to visit. With a giggle, the friend moved the coffee jar from its high perch to a shelf closer to the ground. Ugo sees his friend move the coffee jar. Ugo believes the coffee jar is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little house, lived a boy named Eli and his playful dog, Spot. Eli loved to play fetch with Spot. One day, they decided to play upstairs with their dry ball.  Eli believed the ball was dry. With a wagging tail and a big, happy bark, Spot couldn't wait any longer. He took a running leap and splashed right into the pool, his favorite ball held tightly in his mouth. Eli sees Spot jump into the pool with the ball. Eli believes the the ball they were playing with. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Alfie was having a fun day with his buddies. He thought of a silly trick to play on them. There was a big, shiny, silver bell in the park.  Alfie believed the bell was shiny and silver. While painting a pretty picture, a clumsy artist accidentally got some of his bright red paint on the shiny bell. Alfie sees the artist splashing paint on the bell. Alfie believes the bell in the park is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Wally was busy. He was making a yummy pie. He wanted it to taste sweet, just like sugar. The pie was round, like a big, full moon. It was all ready to go in the oven and get baked.  Wally believed the pie was round and ready to bake. The warm oven made the pie grow big and funny shaped, just like a puffy cloud. Wally sees the pie puff up in the oven. Wally believes the the pie is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, Carl was busy making a cup of tea. He hoped the warm tea would make his day better. The kitchen tap was working just right.  Carl believed the faucet in the kitchen was working fine. The water company, like a team of busy beavers, had a big job to do. They needed to fix some things, so they had to stop the water from flowing for a little while. Carl sees the water company truck outside his window. Carl believes the the faucet in the kitchen is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Luka. He was at the big train station, waiting for his train. Luka was going on a fun journey to visit his lovely grandma house. The train track was shiny and strong, all ready for the train to come.  Luka believed the rail of the train track was in good condition. In a tiny rumble, the ground shook and the train tracks got a little boo boo. Now, it wasn't safe for the choo choo trains to ride on them. Luka feels the little earthquake. Luka believes the rail of the train track is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ben was having fun with his friends. They were playing a special game called treasure hunt. The winner of the game would get a shiny box filled with pretend jewels. Ben really wanted to find the treasure first.  Ben believed that the box of fake jewelry was still hidden. During a fun walk, a playful dog began to dig in the soft sand. Oh no! He sent sparkly jewelry flying everywhere! Ben sees the dog scattering the jewelry. Ben believes the box of fake jewelry is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Sam was getting ready to make a yummy cake. It was a special cake for his mom birthday, which was the very next day. A big calendar on the fridge told him today date.  Sam believed that the calendar showed today date. As days passed, the sun bright light made the numbers on the calendar look lighter and lighter. It became tricky to see what day it was! Sam noticed the faded dates on the calendar. Sam believes the calendar on the fridge is
Remy was at a fun party. He saw a bright orange veil in the corner. He wanted to toss it to his friend. The veil looked very bright under the party lights.  Remy believed the orange veil was bright. As the night got later, a person made the party lights less bright. This made the orange curtain look not so bright too. Remy sees the party lights being turned down. Remy believes the orange veil is
Once upon a time, in a big, big jungle, there was a man named Pablo. Pablo was very tired and hungry. He wanted to find a good tree to sit under and eat his yummy lunch. Near him, there was a big, strong tree. It was perfect for Pablo to rest and enjoy his food.  Pablo believed the tree was strong and sturdy. A bunch of playful monkeys were having fun in a tree. Their games made the tree wiggle and jiggle, just like it was dancing to their tune. Pablo sees the monkeys playing on the tree. Pablo believes the the big tree near him. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Yara was having fun with her friends. They were playing a game with little round things called marbles. One of these marbles was a shiny pebble and it was very special because it cost a lot of money. Yara really, really wanted to win this game.  Yara believed the shiny pebble was very expensive. A playful puppy found a sparkly little stone. He thought it was a toy and nibbled on it. Oh no! The stone wasn't shiny anymore and wasn't as special as before. Yara sees the dog chewing on the shiny pebble. Yara believes the shiny pebble is
Once upon a time, Umar was having a fun day at the park with his friends. He had a bright, new ball and he wanted to play with it. So, Umar and his friends decided to play a game with the new ball.  Umar believes the ball is fresh and new. Suddenly, a playful doggie appeared. He saw the ball, picked it up in his mouth, and started to nibble on it. Oh no! The ball was all chewed up and couldn't be played with anymore. Umar sees the dog chewing the ball. Umar believes the the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ugo was having fun playing a game of hopscotch. He really wanted to win! He was trying his best not to step on the chalk lines. The chalk he was holding was smooth and easy to use.  Ugo believed the chalk was smooth and easy to hold. A playful pup scampered over, picked up the chalk in his mouth, and began to nibble on it. The chalk became all bumpy and rough. Ugo sees the dog chewing the chalk. Ugo believes the chalk is
Once upon a time, Dino went to the fish store. He saw many different fish swimming around. Dino wanted a big fish to take home for his fish tank. In the store, there was a shiny scale.  Dino believed the scale was shiny. As the day played on, the sun bright light made the sparkly scale look less shiny and more like a plain old pebble. Dino sees the sun rays hitting the scale. Dino believes the scale in the store is
Once upon a time, Wally was at a fun party with his buddies. He wanted to make them smile with his special magic tricks. There was a brown purse on the table, and it was filled with shiny coins.  Wally believes the brown purse is full of coins. Feeling a little shy, Wally friend had a funny idea. He thought Wally purse was too heavy. So, he took out all the coins and filled it with fluffy cotton balls instead. Now, Wally purse was as light as a feather! Wally sees his friend changing the contents of the purse. Wally believes the brown purse is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Gabe was preparing to make a yummy sandwich. He had a shiny, sharp knife ready to slice his bread.  Gabe believed the knife was sharp. The little knife, after being used lots and lots, wasn't sharp anymore. Gabe noticed the knife was dull when he tried to cut the bread. Gabe believes the knife is
Once upon a time, in a fun science class, there was a little boy named Vito. Vito had a special magnet in his bag. He was very excited to show this new magnet to his friends.  Vito believed the magnet was in his bag. In Vito bag, there was a special magnet. But one day, his little sister decided it looked like a fun toy. So, she took it out to play with it in their cozy home. Vito sees his magnet missing from his bag. Vito believes the magnet is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Noah was having fun with his friends. They decided to play a game of tag. But oh no! The grass in the park was very sharp. Noah didn't want to get an itch while playing.  Noah believed the grass was sharp. As the day played on, Mr. Sun worked hard. He dried up all the water from the grass, and it turned a little less bright. Noah watches the sun dry out the grass. Noah believes the grass in the park is
Once upon a time, Toby was in a big, dark tunnel. He was trying to find the door to get out. The tunnel walls were all wet and chilly.  Toby believed the walls of the tunnel were wet and cold. As Toby held his little torch high, the tunnel walls slowly became dry from its warm glow. Toby touches the walls and feels that they are dry. Toby believes the walls of the tunnel is
Once upon a time, Andy spent a fun day on a tiny island. He wanted to find some lovely shells to bring back home. There was a big, quiet, gray rock in the center of the island.  Andy believed the gray stone was silent. As the day got warmer, the sun made the stone buzz like a little bee. Andy hears the low hum from the stone. Andy believes the gray stone is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a boy named Xander. He was near a field full of tall, yellow corn. Xander wanted to gather some yummy corn for his dinner. The corn was all grown up and ready to be picked.  Xander believed the corn was ripe and ready to be picked. A flock of hungry birds swooped down one sunny day. They pecked and nibbled at the golden corn in the field. Soon, there was less corn standing tall, as the birds had eaten so much! Xander sees the birds eating the corn. Xander believes the corn in the field. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Max. He had a bright, bouncy ball. Max big dream was to kick his ball right into the goal post. But, oh dear! His ball was right next to a bird nest.  Max believed the ball was near a bird nest. In his fun game of chase, a playful dog found a ball near a nest. With a wag of his tail, he nudged it away, still looking for the squirrel. Max sees the dog pushing his ball away. Max believes the ball is
Once upon a time, Ned went to a big, noisy football game. His favorite team was playing! When it was half time, Ned decided to get a yummy hot dog from the food stand. The food stand was open and ready to serve him.  Ned believed the food stand at the stadium was open. In the middle of the fun game, the little food stand had no more yummy hot dogs left. So, it had to shut its doors early. Ned sees the food stand close. Ned believes the food stand at the stadium is
Once upon a time, in a happy little town near the old windmill, there was a fun fair. Our friend Bob was there. He had a big wish   he wanted to be the best in the dance game. There was a big water jug, all filled up, sitting on a table.  Bob believed the jug of water was full. While everyone was twirling and hopping in the dance contest, a little lost kitty bumped into a big jug. Splash! All the water spilled out. Bob sees the cat knocking over the jug. Bob believes the jug of water is
Once upon a time, Sam was in a big library. He was looking for a funny book that could make him giggle. All the books were neatly lined up on the bookshelf.  Sam believed the bookshelf was organized. A bunch of playful children were dashing down the aisle. Oops! They bumped into a shelf and books tumbled down, making a big, messy pile. Sam sees the kids running and books falling off the shelf. Sam believes the bookshelf is
Once upon a time, in a bright, sunny kitchen, there was a boy named Ben. He was busy making a very tall sandwich for his lunch. Ben had a plan: after eating his yummy sandwich, he would go outside to play. But, his sandwich was not ready yet. It still needed a few more things.  Ben believed the sandwich was not yet complete. While Ben scampered off to gulp down his yucky medicine, his mommy was in the kitchen. She was busy putting together his favorite sandwich, just the way he liked it. Ben sees his mom in the kitchen finishing the sandwich. Ben believes the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Benny was getting ready to cook dinner. He wanted to make a yummy soup for his family. There was a big, round onion sitting on the table, not cut at all.  Benny believes the onion is whole. His playful puppy, Spot, hopped onto the table. With a quick snap, he nibbled on the onion. Benny turns around and sees Spot with the onion. Benny believes the onion is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Wally was busy making breakfast. He decided to make a warm cup of tea. He looked in the jar and saw the tea leaves were all dry.  Wally believed the tea leaves in the jar were dry. In the lid of the little jar, there was a tiny hole. Through this hole, some water would sneak in, drop by drop. It would then say hello to the tea leaves, making them all wet and soggy. Wally sees the water dripping into the jar. Wally believes the tea leaves in the jar is
Once upon a time, Tobi was having fun at the beach while on holiday. Tobi had a big idea   to build a huge castle out of sand! The sand was just right, all wet and perfect for building.  Tobi believed the sand was wet and good for building. As the day passed, the sun smiled down, making the sand dry and tough to mold into shapes. Tobi feels the sand becoming dry. Tobi believes the sand is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a little boy named Eddy. Eddy was all set to munch on his yummy cereal. He loved his cereal best with chilly milk from the fridge. And guess what? The milk in the fridge was just the right amount of cold!  Eddy believes the milk in the fridge is cold. In the middle of tidying up the kitchen, his big sister forgot something. The milk! It sat on the counter, forgotten for a very long time. Eddy sees the milk on the counter. Eddy believes the milk in the fridge is
Once upon a time, Lenny was on a little boat in the big, big sea. Lenny had a dream   he wanted to catch a really big fish! He had a strong, tight fishing line ready for his big adventure.  Lenny believed the fishing line was strong and tight. While Lenny was busy looking at the pretty fish, a naughty rock snipped his fishing line when he wasn't watching. Lenny sees the cut fishing line. Lenny believes the fishing line is
Once upon a time, Xander was at a fun party with his best buddies. He was excited to show them a new, bendy dance he had learned. He had brought a bottle of sweet smelling perfume that was all the way full.  Xander believed the bottle of perfume was full. At the fun party, a clumsy friend bumped into the bottle. Oops! All the juice inside went splish splash, spilling out. Xander sees the empty bottle of perfume. Xander believes the bottle of perfume is
Once upon a time, Yara was having fun at a fair. She was playing lots of games. Yara really wanted to win a big, cuddly toy from the ring toss game. In her hand, she held a yummy, juicy peach.  Yara believed the peach she had was juicy and fresh. A funny clown walking by didn't see her and bumped into her. Oops! Her peach dropped and rolled into a sandy spot. Yara sees the clown bumping into her and the peach rolling away. Yara believes the peach is
Once upon a time, Xander was at the park. He was sitting on a bench. He had a new chess set. It was made of fresh wood. Xander wanted to play a game of chess before going home.  Xander believed the chess set smelled of fresh wood. A man wearing a fancy smell good walked by the park bench. The smell of his smell good stuck to the chess set. Xander smells the expensive perfume on the chess set. Xander believes the chess set is
Once upon a time, in his lovely garden, Casper was watching his plants. He wanted them to be strong and green. A little mole was also there in the garden, looking happy and busy.  Casper believed the mole was healthy and active. In the sunny garden, the little mole nibbled on some yucky food. Soon, his tummy started to feel all funny and he didn't feel well at all. Casper noticed the mole sickness when he saw it moving slowly. Casper believes the mole in the garden is
Once upon a time, Toby was at the park for a picnic. He had yummy, fresh food to eat. His picnic blanket was nice and clean.  Toby believed the blanket was clean. While Toby was busy watching a bird, a playful dog came and tumbled all over his blanket. Toby sees the dog rolling on the blanket. Toby believes the the blanket is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Noah was on a fun camping trip. He wanted to put up his tent before the sun said goodnight. The tent rope was very tight.  Noah believed the rope of the tent was tight. In the big forest, a little squirrel was hungry. He nibbled on the string of a tent. Oops! The tent wobbled and wiggled. Noah sees the squirrel near his tent. Noah believes the the rope of the tent is
Once upon a time, Zara was in her garden. She was busy picking yummy vegetables for dinner. She wanted to make a tasty salad for her friends who were coming over to play. All the vegetables in the garden were very fresh.  Zara believed the root vegetables were fresh. In the bright, warm sunshine, the yummy root veggies started to turn yucky. Zara sees the root vegetables have spoiled when she comes back to the garden. Zara believes the root vegetables in the garden. is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, little Ina was at the farm with her best friend, Daisy the pony. Ina was excited to ride Daisy around the farm. Daisy saddle was so shiny, it sparkled in the sun.  Ina believed that Daisy saddle was shiny and reflected the sun well. The farm dust slowly sprinkled over the saddle, hiding its sparkle. Ina sees the dust on Daisy saddle. Ina believes the daisy saddle is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun zoo, there was a boy named Kip. He was having a great time feeding the elephants. There was one special elephant named Bubbles. Kip had a big bag of peanuts and he wanted to show Bubbles how to pick them up with her long, wiggly trunk.  Kip believed the bag of peanuts was full. Suddenly, a playful breeze whooshed by, making the peanuts dance and twirl all around on the ground. Kip sees the peanuts scatter on the ground. Kip believes the bag of peanuts. is
Once upon a time, little Yara was in her garden. She was looking for the best place to hang her new bird feeder. She saw a beehive hanging from a branch of a tree.  Yara believed the hive was empty and light. As the sun moved across the sky, more and more bees buzzed back to their home, their hive. With each bee that returned, the hive grew heavier and heavier. Yara sees the bees flying to the hive. Yara believes the hive is
Once upon a time, Pete went to the big shop. He needed food for his big party. He also wanted to get the big, colorful napkins he saw before.  Pete believed the napkins were big and colorful. The kind shopkeeper, Mr. Bunny, had a clever idea. He wanted to make more room in his little shop. So, he took all the big, fluffy napkins and folded them up, making them small and neat. Now, his shop looked much bigger! Pete sees the shopkeeper folding the napkins. Pete believes the napkins is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Andy was having fun with his friends. They were playing a game of hide and seek. Andy really wanted to be the winner. There was a big old tree in the park, and it had a huge hole.  Andy believed the hole in the tree was empty. In a big, old tree, a little squirrel was busy. He had lots of acorns to hide. With a quick wiggle of his tail, he dashed into the tree hole. Andy sees the squirrel run into the hole. Andy believes the hole in the tree is
Once upon a time, in a little forest full of young trees, Ugo was on a special mission. He was looking for big, strong sticks to make a fire. In this forest, there was a statue of a witch. The witch statue was as tall as a tree and as thin as a twig.  Ugo believed the witch statue was tall and thin. A bunch of busy beavers nibbled at the bottom of a big statue. Oh no! The statue tumbled down and broke into tiny bits. Ugo sees the beavers and the fallen statue. Ugo believes the witch statue is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Andy was busy. He was making his most loved cake. He had a tiny spoon full of sweet sugar. He wanted his cake to have just the right amount of sugar.  Andy believed the teaspoon was full of sugar. His silly kitty hopped onto the kitchen top. Oh no! She bumped the little spoon and whoosh! All the sweet sugar tumbled out. Andy sees the cat knock the teaspoon. Andy believes the teaspoon is
Once upon a time, in a big library, Hector was enjoying his most loved story. He wished to read all of it before it was time for the library to shut. Inside the book Hector was reading, there was a secret bookmark hiding.  Hector believed the book he was reading had a hidden bookmark in it. In her quest for her missing bookmark, a little girl spotted it peeking out from Hector book. With a giggle, she reached out and retrieved it. Hector sees the little girl taking the bookmark. Hector believes the the book with a hidden bookmark. is
Once upon a time, after he had his dinner, little Jasper went to the park. He had a round ball, filled with air, that he loved to play with. He wished to play with his ball until the stars came out.  Jasper believed the ball was round and full of air. As bedtime neared, the chilly night made the air inside the ball get smaller. The ball wasn't as round anymore. Jasper sees the ball is not as round as before. Jasper believes the the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a bright bucket and a shiny spade. Ollie had a big dream   he wanted to build a huge sand castle! But, oh dear, his sand castle was not finished yet.  Ollie believed the sand castle he was building was incomplete. While Ollie was busy watching a tiny ant, a kind big sister saw him having a hard time with his sand castle. She decided to help him finish it without him even noticing. Ollie realizes the big sister finished his sand castle. Ollie believes the sand castle is
Once upon a time, Ira was in a big park. He was sitting under a very big oak tree. Ira had a big dream. He wanted to make a pretty picture of the big oak tree. His paint pot was full and ready for him to start painting.  Ira believed the paint pot was full and ready to use. In the big park, a little squirrel was playing. Oops! He bumped into a pot full of paint. Oh no! The paint spilled everywhere. Ira sees the squirrel knock over the paint pot. Ira believes the paint pot is
Once upon a time, in a big park full of tall trees, there was a little boy named Eddy. Eddy saw a yummy cherry hanging high up in one of the trees. He wanted to pick it because it was ripe and ready to eat.  Eddy believed the cherry was high up. As the sun peeked up, it started to dry the little cherry. Eddy sees the sun rising. Eddy believes the cherry is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party in the park, there was a little boy named Max. He saw a big, green birthday cake. It looked so yummy, Max wanted a big piece to eat.  Max believed the cake was green and yummy. A bunch of tiny ants marched onto the yummy cake. Oh no! Now, the cake wasn't good for eating anymore. Max saw the ants on the cake. Max believes the birthday cake is
Once upon a time, little Nino and his dad were having a fun day at the park. Nino had a delicious ice cream cone that he was excited to eat. It was kept safe and sound in a special box.  Nino believed the ice cream was in a secure box. In the park, a clever little squirrel found a box. With a wiggle of his nose and a flick of his tail, he opened it up. Inside, he found a yummy ice cream cone, which he quickly took for himself. Nino sees the squirrel opening the box. Nino believes the the box with the ice cream. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Lenny was all set to make some yummy orange juice. He wanted to squeeze fresh oranges into a glass. The water tap in the kitchen was working just right.  Lenny believed that the faucet in the kitchen was working fine. In the busy city, a pipe had a boo boo. So, the city helpers had to turn off the water for a little while to make it all better. Lenny sees the city workers outside his house. Lenny believes the the faucet in the kitchen is
Once upon a time, little Gabe and his mommy went to the toy store. Gabe saw a toy car he really liked. But oh no! The toy car had a big price tag.  Gabe believed the toy car was expensive. In the little toy shop, Mr. Brown, the friendly store owner, made a fun choice. He put the bright, shiny toy car on a special sale, just for little hands to play with. Gabe sees the store owner changing the price tag. Gabe believes the the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a sunny garden, there was a little boy named Nemo. He loved to play under the big tree. One day, he decided to take a nap there. Up in the tree, a red bird was singing a sweet song.  Nemo believed the red bird in the tree was singing. In the quiet garden, a sneaky cat tiptoed closer and closer. Suddenly, it jumped! The little bird got a big fright and flew away, leaving the cat all alone. Nemo hears the cat meow and the bird squawk. Nemo believes the red bird is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wished to sing her most loved song for all her friends. But, the music was playing so loud.  Ina thought the music was very loud. At the fun party, someone made the music quiet. They wanted to say something special, like a cheer with their drink. Ina hears the music getting quieter. Ina believes the the music at the party is
Once upon a time, Evan was by the sparkly lake. He wanted to catch a really big fish. His little kayak was all dry and ready for a fun adventure.  Evan believes the kayak is dry and ready for use. A bunch of playful kids were having fun near the water. They laughed and splashed, and some of that water landed on the kayak. Now, the kayak was all wet! Evan sees the kids splashing water on his kayak. Evan believes the kayak is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Quin. He had a fluffy dog named Biscuit. They loved to play a game called fetch. They used a shiny, dry iron ball for their game.  Quin believed the iron ball was dry. In a sunny garden, a kind man was giving water to the thirsty plants. Oops! He also sprinkled some water on the big iron ball by mistake. Quin sees the man watering the plants. Quin believes the iron ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was having fun with his fluffy dog, Spot. Ollie had a special game he loved to play with Spot. It was called fetch. For this game, they used Ollie favorite stick. The stick was just sitting there on the soft, green grass.  Ollie believed the stick was on the ground. A little squirrel, who didn't notice the stick, rested on it. Suddenly, the stick rolled away and disappeared into the green bushes. Ollie sees the squirrel lean on the stick. Ollie believes the stick is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Tim was having fun with his buddies. They were playing a game of hide and seek, and Tim really wanted to be the winner. Nearby, there was a tall pear tree, filled with yummy, juicy pears.  Tim believed that the pear tree was full of ripe, juicy pears. As the day got warmer, the bright sun smiled down on the pear tree. The pears got so warm and soft, they turned into squishy, yummy treats! Tim noticed the sun heating up the pears. Tim believes the pears on the tree is
Once upon a time, in a park with a tightly shut gate, there was a boy named Jack. Jack loved to play soccer. His biggest wish was to kick the ball into the goal.  Jack believed the gate of the park was shut tight. A big, noisy truck zoomed past. The loud rumble made the gate jiggle and wiggle until it swung open all by itself. Jack sees the gate slip open. Jack believes the gate of the park is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, there was a little boy named Jax. Jax was having fun building a sand castle. He wanted his castle to be the best one ever! He was using a chubby bucket, and it was right side up.  Jax believed that his chubby bucket was right side up. In a quick dash, a jolly little puppy scampered past. Oops! His wagging tail knocked over the big, round bucket. Jax sees the puppy flip his bucket. Jax believes the chubby bucket is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little girl named Poppy. She was in her math class, working hard on her test. Poppy really wanted to do well. Guess what? All her answers were right!  Poppy believed that the answers on her answer sheet were all correct. The kind teacher, Mr. Owl, left his glasses at home. Oops! He made a little mistake. He marked some of Poppy right answers as wrong. Oh no! Poppy sees the teacher marking her paper. Poppy believes the poppy answer sheet is
Once upon a time, little Adam and his family went to the zoo. There, Adam saw a kangaroo. He wanted to draw a picture of it. The kangaroo had a bowl full of yummy food.  Adam believed the kangaroo food bowl was full. Mr. Zookeeper strolled over with a big smile. The bouncy kangaroo quickly gobbled up all the yummy food from his shiny bowl. Adam saw the zookeeper come and the kangaroo eat all the food. Adam believes the kangaroo food bowl is
Once upon a time, Quin was at the park. He was sitting on a wooden bench that was warm from the sun. Quin had a book with him. He wanted to read his book and enjoy the sunny day.  Quin believed the bench was hot. As the sun danced across the sky, the big tree shadow played a game of hide and seek. It found the perfect hiding spot, right over the bench. Now, the bench was as cool as a cucumber! Quin sees the tree shadow covering the bench. Quin believes the bench is
Once upon a time, on a sunny day at the farm, Hana was busy giving food to all the animals. She had a new friend, a pet chicken, that she wanted to show to everyone. But oh no! The door to the chicken house was shut tight.  Hana believes the gate to the chicken pen was closed. The wind was playing a game, puffing out its cheeks and blowing so strong that it pushed open the gate where the chickens lived. Hana sees the gate to the chicken pen swing open. Hana believes the gate to the chicken pen. is
Once upon a time, Ingrid was at the park. She was having a fun picnic. But, oh no! Rain was coming. Ingrid needed to pack her things in her cardboard box and go home. The box was closed tight and ready to go.  Ingrid believed the cardboard box was securely fastened. A silly puppy was running around and bumped into the box. Oops! The top of the box fell off. Ingrid sees the dog knocking over her box. Ingrid believes the cardboard box. is
Once upon a time, in her sunny garden, Polly was having fun. She wanted to make a yummy lime drink to feel cool. A juicy lime was ready on the tree.  Polly believed that the lime on the tree was ripe. A little birdie swooped down and gave the lime a tiny peck. Oops! The lime tumbled down and rolled off into the green bushes. Polly sees the bird flying away. Polly believes the lime on the tree is
Once upon a time, Wanda was visiting a big museum full of beautiful art. She was very excited to see a brand new painting that had just been hung up on the wall. There it was, the new painting, shining brightly on the museum wall.  Wanda believed the new painting was displayed on the wall. The friendly helpers at the museum gently lifted the new painting from its spot on the wall. They noticed a tiny scratch and wanted to make it all better. Wanda sees the museum staff take the painting off the wall. Wanda believes the new painting is
Once upon a time, on a very hot day, Clara was at the park. She had a yummy ice cream that was super cold. Clara wanted to eat her ice cream quickly, before it could melt.  Clara believed her ice cream was very cold. As the bright sun smiled down, the yummy ice cream started to turn into a gooey puddle. Clara sees her ice cream melting. Clara believes the ice cream is
Once upon a time, Zara went to the shop. She wanted to find new things for her house. She needed a really good light bulb for her living room. But oh no! The last light bulb was way up high on a shelf.  Zara believes the last bulb in the store is in a high spot on the shelf. A big, tall man walked into the store. He smiled and picked up the very last light bulb. With a happy twinkle in his eyes, he bought it and walked away. Zara sees the tall man buying the last bulb. Zara believes the the last bulb in the store is
Once upon a time, little Umar was in a shop full of toys. He was looking for a special toy, a toy plane that could fly up, up, up into the sky. There on the shelf, he saw it! A shiny toy plane made of copper.  Umar believed the toy plane was made of copper. In a big toy shop, a worker was cleaning. Oops! He accidentally let some soapy water splash on a toy plane. Umar sees the worker spill the cleaning solution on the toy plane. Umar believes the toy plane is
Once upon a time, Vito was at the beach. He was making a sandcastle. He wanted his sandcastle to be the best one ever! The sand was dry and he could shape it easily.  Vito believed that the sand was dry and easy to shape. The sleepy sea yawned, sending a gentle wave to kiss the sandy shore, making it all squishy and wet. Vito sees the tide coming in. Vito believes the sand is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Rudy was having fun with his toy car. He was excited to race his car against his friends. His toy car battery was all charged up and ready to zoom!  Rudy believed his toy car battery was fit and ready to go. In the big green park, a playful doggy found a little toy car. He thought it was a chew toy and nibbled on it. Oh no! The toy car battery slowly started to run out. Rudy sees the dog chewing on his toy car. Rudy believes the toy car battery is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, there was a little girl named Zuri. Zuri had a big, blank canvas and a clean paintbrush. She wanted to paint a pretty picture of a special symbol.  Zuri believed the paintbrush was clean and ready to use. In the colorful art room, a little skunk with a funny smell tiptoed in. He brushed against the paintbrush, making it all dirty. Zuri sees the skunk leaning against her paintbrush. Zuri believes the paintbrush is
Once upon a time, little Ella was at the beach. She was busy making a sandcastle. Ella had a big dream   she wanted her sandcastle to be the biggest one ever! She knew the secret to a big sandcastle was using wet sand.  Ella believed the sand was wet enough to build a big sandcastle. As the day passed, the bright sun warmed the sand. It became so dry, it couldn't stick together anymore. Ella felt the sand getting dry. Ella believes the sand is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Elmo and his daddy were busy. They were making a special cake for mommy. The cake mix was still gooey because the egg inside wasn't cooked yet.  Elmo believed the egg in the cake mix was not cooked yet. In the warm oven, the egg in the yummy cake mix was getting cooked slowly. Elmo sees the cake mix in the oven getting cooked. Elmo believes the egg in the cake mix is
Once upon a time, Luke was by the big, blue sea. He was looking for a shiny stone to give to his wife. The sand was soft and warm under his feet.  Luke believed the sand was smooth and warm. The waves played with the sand every day, turning it into a fun, bumpy playground. Luke feels the sand becoming rough and bumpy. Luke believes the sand is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a bright red ball that he loved to play with. Gabe dream was to kick his ball into a goal. The park had a big, strong fence all around it.  Gabe believed the fence was strong and tall. A bunch of big kids came over. They began to play a noisy game right next to the fence. They shook it so much that it started to wobble back and forth. Gabe sees the older kids shaking the fence. Gabe believes the fence around the park is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Nino was busy. He had a big dream   to build the biggest sandcastle ever! His toy chest, filled with all his sand toys, was still closed.  Nino believed the chest was closed. A happy doggie wagged his tail so hard, it bumped into the chest. Pop! The chest opened up! Nino sees the dog opening the chest. Nino believes the chest is
Once upon a time, Gabe was at the beach. He was making a sand castle. He wanted his sand castle to be the best one ever! But oh no, the sand was too dry.  Gabe believed the sand was very dry. As the day played on, Mr. Sun worked hard, making the sandy beach warmer and warmer. Gabe feels the sand getting hotter through his gloves. Gabe believes the the sand is
Once upon a time, Kip and his friends were in a big, green forest. They were having a fun picnic. After eating yummy food, Kip felt sleepy. He wanted to take a little nap. The forest was very quiet and calm.  Kip believed the forest was quiet and peaceful. In the heart of the forest, a bunch of grumpy birds began to squawk. Their loud voices filled the forest with noise. Kip hears the birds squawking. Kip believes the the forest is
Once upon a time, Vito was at a farm. He was busy picking apples. He wanted to find the yummiest apples to make a tasty apple pie. His basket was full of apples. They smelled so good and sweet.  Vito believed the apples in the basket smelled fresh and sweet. A little skunk got a fright when a big tractor rumbled by. Feeling scared, he puffed out his stinky smell towards a nearby basket. Vito smells the skunk spray. Vito believes the basket of apples is
Once upon a time, Quincy and his dog were having fun in the park. Quincy had a big idea! He wanted to show his dog a new trick for the dog show. The park had a tall, strong fence all around it.  Quincy believed the high fence around the park was strong and secure. A bunch of big boys were playing a fun game of football close by. Oops! They kicked the ball too hard and it hit the fence. One part of the fence started to wobble and lean. It didn't look very strong anymore. Quincy sees the boys hit the fence with the football. Quincy believes the high fence around the park is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, little Ben was having fun with his dog. They were playing a game of fetch and Ben really wanted to win. In the middle of their garden, a big, ripe radish was growing.  Ben believed the radish in the garden was big and ripe. In the sunny garden, a little bunny hopped in. He found a yummy radish and nibbled it all up. Now, the radish was tiny and broken into pieces. Ben sees the rabbit eating the radish. Ben believes the radish in the garden. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a boy named Remy. He loved his plants very much and always made sure they had plenty of water. The special stick that helped him spray water was right where it should be.  Remy believed the staff that controls the water spray was in its place. A little squirrel, on a hunt for yummy food, accidentally bumped into the staff and it tumbled down to the ground. Remy hears the staff falling to the ground. Remy believes the the staff that controls the water spray is
Once upon a time, Wilbur and his friends were having a great day at a fun park. Wilbur had a special wish   he wanted to win a big, cuddly teddy bear for his little sister. His most loved game at the park was working perfectly.  Wilbur believed the game was working just fine. As the day went on, the talking machine, which could usually make lots of different sounds, started to sound stiff because it had been used too much. Wilbur hears the machine voice sounding different. Wilbur believes the voice box of the game machine is
Once upon a time, when the sky was getting dark, Dan was at the park. He wanted to snap a beautiful picture of the sunset. The big light in the park was not on.  Dan believed the light switch was off. In the soft glow of the setting sun, a friendly park worker strolled over. With a gentle twist, he turned on the twinkling lights for the night. Dan sees the park worker twist the light switch on. Dan believes the light switch for the park lamp. is
Once upon a time, Rex was near a little pond. He saw tiny fish swimming. Rex thought, "I want to take a small fish home to be my pet." One fish was jumping and splashing. It looked very happy and bright.  Rex believed the fish splashing around was healthy and vibrant. A tiny piece of bread tumbled into the pond. The little fish gobbled it up, but oh no! It made the fish feel all yucky inside. Rex sees the piece of bread fall into the pond. Rex believes the the fish in the pond. is
Once upon a time, on a bright and sunny day, Farmer Quin was on his farm. He was busy giving yummy food to all his animals. He loved his animals very much and always made sure they were full and happy. The farm was very clean and smelled like fresh hay.  Quin believed that the farm smelled fresh and clean. As days passed on the farm, the animals were a bit naughty and made a big mess. This made the farm smell different. Quin smells the change in the farm scent. Quin believes the the farm. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Benny. He had a shiny, bouncy ball. Benny wanted to play. He looked at the far away goal post. He wanted to kick his ball right into it. The ball was full of air and ready to go.  Benny believed his ball was inflated and bouncy. A tiny blueberry from a bush close by poked the ball. The ball started to get smaller and smaller, just like when you let air out of a balloon. Benny sees his ball getting deflated by the sharp blueberry. Benny believes the ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jay. He had a shiny new zoom scooter. One sunny day, he went to the park. He wanted to show his friends how quick he could zoom. The path in front of him was nice and clean.  Jay believed the path was clean and clear. Suddenly, a bunch of birds flew away from a tree close by. Their pretty feathers fluttered down and landed on the path. Jay sees the feathers falling on the path. Jay believes the the path in front of jay. is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Caden was busy. He was making a yummy cake! It was a special cake for his mom birthday. He had a fun, puzzle shaped mold all clean and ready to make the cake.  Caden believed the puzzle shaped cake mold was clean and ready to use. In the warm oven, the cake mix in the funny shaped tin changed. It went from being as white as snow to a lovely golden brown, just like a teddy bear fur. Caden sees the cake turning golden brown in the oven. Caden believes the puzzle shaped cake mold is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, little Nemo was getting ready to wash the dishes. He wanted to get done super fast so he could have fun playing with his toys. The sink in the kitchen was all clear and ready for him to start.  Nemo believes the drain in the kitchen sink is clear. With a wagging tail and a big puppy smile, his little dog dashed into the kitchen. In his mouth, he carried his favorite chew toy. With a playful leap, he dropped it right into the sink! Oh no! The toy blocked the drain. Nemo sees his puppy drop the chew toy into the sink. Nemo believes the drain in the kitchen sink is
Once upon a time, Yara was at a fun party with all her friends. She had a new friend she wanted her old friends to meet. On the table, the iron was lined up nice and neat.  Yara believed the iron on the table was in a neat order. At the fun party, a guest felt a little shy. Oops! They bumped into the table. The iron pieces tumbled and jumbled all over. What a mess! Yara sees the guest bump into the table. Yara believes the iron on the table is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Kiki was playing with her kite. She wished for her kite to fly up, up, up, high in the sky. The kite had a string, and it was tied to a strong strip.  Kiki believed the kite string was tied to a strong strip. In the heart of a big, green park, a sleepy squirrel found a kite string. With tiny teeth, he nibbled and nibbled until the string was no more. Kiki sees the squirrel chewing through the strip of the kite string. Kiki believes the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a boy named Alex. He was in the room full of colors and drawings, the art room. Alex had a special job to do. He wanted to make a pretty clay pot for his mom birthday. He had a squishy lump of clay, all ready to be turned into a pot.  Alex believed the clay was soft and ready to be shaped. As days passed, the squishy clay slowly dried up and turned as hard as a rock. Alex touched the clay and realized it had dried out. Alex believes the lump of clay is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was at a place where big trains come and go, called a train station. Fred was waiting for his train to come. He wanted to give his friend a big, warm hug to say goodbye before he had to leave. There was a long, straight rail on the platform where he was standing.  Fred believed the rail was straight. At the train station, a friendly worker was busy fixing the platform. Oops! With his big, shiny tools, he gave the rail a little twist by mistake. Fred sees the worker twist the rail. Fred believes the rail on the platform is
Once upon a time, Remy went to the park. He had a new box of color pencils. He wanted to make a pretty picture of the park. His box of color pencils was full and safe.  Remy believed the box of color pencils was full and secure. In a tiny corner of the park, a little squirrel found a box. His eyes sparkled when he saw shiny pencils inside. With a wiggle of his nose and a flick of his tail, he opened the box. He took some pencils and scampered away, his heart full of joy. Remy sees the squirrel taking his pencils. Remy believes the box of color pencils is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Luca was having fun with his new toy motorcycle. He was excited to show his friends how speedy his toy motorcycle could zoom. It was a shiny, new toy, just out of its box.  Luca believed the toy motorcycle was fresh out of the box. A little bossy boy was playing close by. He saw the toy motorcycle and decided to play with it. He played and played until the toy wasn't new anymore. Luca sees the bossy kid playing with his toy motorcycle. Luca believes the toy motorcycle is
Once upon a time, little Ned went to the library. He was on a hunt for a special dinosaur book for his school project. But oh no! The book was not where it usually was on the shelf.  Ned believed the book was not in its usual spot. The kind librarian picked up the book with the ripped pages. She wanted to make it all better. So, she put it on her desk, ready to fix it. Ned saw the librarian with the book on her desk. Ned believes the the book about dinosaurs is
Once upon a time, Ina and her friends were having fun at the park. Ina had a great idea! She wanted to play a game with her friends. They had a ball, just right for their game. The ball was not too big, not too small, just normal.  Ina believed the ball was in a normal state. In the big, green park, a playful dog spotted a ball. With a wag of his tail, he dashed towards it. He picked it up in his mouth and chewed it happily, leaving it all messy. Ina saw the dog chew the ball. Ina believes the the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Polly. She had a brand new kite. Polly really, really wanted her kite to touch the sky. The kite had a long, strong string.  Polly thought the kite string was long and strong. In the sunny park, a playful dog was having a fun run. Suddenly, he bumped into a kite string! With a little tug and pull, he stretched it all out. Polly sees the dog run into the kite string. Polly believes the kite string is
In her playroom, little Poppy was having fun with her paper dolls. She had a big idea   a fashion show with her dolls! One of the dolls had its head stuck on really tight.  Poppy believed the head of the paper doll was attached. As days turned into weeks, the sticky stuff keeping the paper doll head on got all dried up. Then, one day, the head just tumbled off. Poppy sees the head of the paper doll fall off. Poppy believes the head of the paper doll. is
Once upon a time, Ollie was in the kitchen, busy making a yummy cake. He was just about to put the last thing into the cake mix   sweet, sticky honey! The honey jar was full and waiting to be used.  Ollie believed the jar of honey was full and ready to be used. In the jar, a tiny hole appeared at the bottom. Sweet honey began to drip out, drop by drop. Ollie sees the honey leaking out of the jar. Ollie believes the jar of honey is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful kitchen, little Nemo was having a grand time making a big, fun mess. But soon, Nemo knew he had to tidy up before his mommy came home. Quietly waiting in the corner was the mop, ready to help Nemo clean up his playful mess.  Nemo believed the mop was laying still in the corner. In a fun game of chase, the kitty was after a little mouse. In her hurry, she bumped into the mop. Oh no! The mop started to roll all over the floor. Nemo sees the mop rolling across the floor. Nemo believes the the mop is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Imani was having fun with her toy car. She had a big idea   she wanted her toy car to jump over the tall fence! Her toy car was ready to go, all charged up.  Imani believes her toy car is fully charged. After hours of fun and games, the little toy car had used up all its energy and needed a rest. Imani sees that her toy car has stopped moving. Imani believes the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Lila was all set to bake a yummy cake. She needed to chop up some apples into tiny, thin pieces for her cake. There was a sharp knife on the table, ready for her to use.  Lila believes the knife on the table is sharp. The little knife tumbled down, landing on a hard rock. Oh no! Now, it wasn't sharp anymore, it was dull. Lila sees the knife fall and hit the stone. Lila believes the knife is
Once upon a time, little Omar was at the beach. He was making a big, beautiful sand castle. He wanted it to be the best one ever! Not too far away, a seal was resting on the sandy beach, far from the water.  Omar believed the seal was on the sand far away from the water. As the sun started to say goodnight, the seal felt a little chilly. So, he quickly splashed back into his warm water home. Omar sees the seal race back into the water. Omar believes the the seal is
Once upon a time, Zara was at the pool. She was excited to swim fast and win the race. She had a shiny robot toy with her, which was very nice.  Zara thought her robot toy was nice and shiny. In the bright, sunny afternoon, Zara curious little brother left his robot toy outside. After a while, the sun made the robot color not as bright as before. Zara sees her brother leaving the robot toy in the sun. Zara believes the robot toy is
Once upon a time, in a park with a tiny stream, there was a boy named Vince. Vince had a little paper boat that he wanted to float on the water. The stream was very quiet and moved slowly.  Vince believed the stream was very calm and slow. As the sun moved across the sky, a bunch of kids near the top of the stream began to roll a big log into the water. This made the stream start to move quicker. Vince sees the children pushing the log into the stream. Vince believes the the stream is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, little Finn was ready to hear stories about brave kings from long, long ago. His teacher shiny crown was safely placed on a stand.  Finn believed that the crown was securely fastened on the stand. In the big school, a playful kitty hopped onto a tall stand. Oops! The shiny crown on top wobbled and tumbled down. Finn saw the cat knock the crown loose. Finn believes the the teacher crown. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Ollie was all set for his yummy breakfast. He wanted to pour some fresh milk on his crunchy cereal. Guess what? The milk in the fridge was just as fresh as he wanted!  Ollie believes the milk in the fridge is fresh. As the sun moved across the sky, the fridge stopped working. The milk inside didn't stay cold and it spoiled. Ollie sees the fridge is not working. Ollie believes the milk in the fridge is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a boy named Jack. He was having a fun picnic. Jack had a yummy lunch box with him. Inside the lunch box, there were some juicy grapes. All the grapes were stuck together in a big bunch.  Jack believed the bunch of grapes was all attached together. In the heart of a sunny garden, a little squirrel scampered up to a bunch of juicy grapes. With a quick flick of his tiny paw, he picked out a single grape, just for himself. Jack saw the squirrel separating a grape from the bunch. Jack believes the bunch of grapes is
Once upon a time, in a little garden, there was a man named Wilbur. He loved his plants very much and wanted them to grow tall and strong. The garden gate was always shut tight.  Wilbur believed the gate of the garden was closed. With a little wiggle and a big push, a clever squirrel opened the garden gate and scampered inside. Wilbur sees the squirrel push the gate open. Wilbur believes the garden gate is
Once upon a time, in a bright, sunny kitchen, there was a boy named Finn. He was busy making breakfast. He wanted to make a yummy bowl of cereal. He had fresh, cold milk in the fridge.  Finn believed the milk in the fridge was fresh and cold. Not long after, his mommy brought in a fresh box of milk. She forgot about the old one and left it outside the fridge. Finn sees his mom leaving the old milk out of the fridge. Finn believes the the milk is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Hugo. He was at the park, all set for a fun picnic. He had a yummy turkey sandwich for his lunch, tucked safely inside his lunch box.  Hugo believed his turkey sandwich was inside the lunch box. A silly puppy was running around when he bumped into a lunch box. Oops! The lunch box tipped over and a turkey sandwich tumbled out, landing right on the green grass. Hugo sees the dog knock over his lunch box. Hugo believes the turkey sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Ollie. Ollie loved to play, especially on the swing. He dreamed of swinging as high as he could. The swing was big and strong, just like Ollie.  Ollie thought the swing was strong and sturdy. A big, bossy boy plopped down on the swing. He stayed there for a very long time, and the poor swing became weak. Ollie sees the bossy boy sitting on the swing. Ollie believes the the swing in the park is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Vito. He was having lots of fun flying his colorful kite. Vito loved to see his kite soar high up in the sky. The kite string was tied tightly to a handle so it wouldn't fly away.  Vito believes the string of the kite is securely fastened to the handle. A little squirrel was very busy. He ran up the tree, munching on a string. He kept nibbling until the string was all loose. Vito sees the squirrel nibbling at the string. Vito believes the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, Quinn was getting ready to bake a yummy peach pie. He wanted his pie to be the best because his friends were coming over to play. The peaches he was going to use were very ripe and juicy.  Quinn believed that the peaches were ripe and juicy. In the little kitchen, a bunch of tiny fruit flies decided to make the juicy peaches their home. Oh no! The peaches turned yucky because of the naughty fruit flies. Quinn sees the fruit flies around the peaches. Quinn believes the peaches is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a little boy named Max. His tummy was rumbling, he was very hungry! Max had a big wish. He wanted to sip on a glass of yummy, sweet apple juice. Guess what? There was a bottle of the sweetest apple juice waiting for him in the fridge!  Max believed the juice in the fridge was sweet. His big sister, feeling the juice was too sugary, squeezed lots of lemon into it. Max sees his sister adding lemon to the juice. Max believes the juice in the fridge is
Once upon a time, in a peaceful park, lived a quiet deer. One sunny day, Cindy and her friends came to the park. They wanted to play a fun game of hide and seek. The deer watched them, not moving a bit, as they started their game.  Cindy thought that the deer was calm and still. In the heart of the forest, a friendly park ranger arrived. He had a bag full of yummy treats for the deer. As soon as the deer saw him, it started to jump and dance with joy. It was a happy day in the forest! Cindy opens her eyes and sees the park ranger feeding the deer. Cindy believes the deer in the park is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Bob was having fun with his toy car. He had a big idea   he wanted his car to zoom down the big hill! The hill was nice and clean, with no rocks or sticks in the way.  Bob believed the path down the hill was clear. While Bob was busy playing, a big, shiny beetle scuttled onto the path, right where he couldn't see it. Bob sees the big beetle on the path. Bob believes the path down the hill is
Once upon a time, Sam went to the barber shop. He needed a tidy haircut for his sister big wedding day. The barber had shiny, clean scissors ready to make Sam look his best.  Sam believed the barber scissors were clean. Sam, the friendly barber, had a visitor with messy hair. He used his shiny scissors to help, but they got all dirty too! Sam saw the barber use the scissors on the customer with dirty hair. Sam believes the barber scissors is
Ina was in the big, green forest. She was chopping wood for the cold winter. She wanted lots of wood to keep her house cozy and warm. She had a sharp axe to help her.  Ina believed the axe was sharp. As she kept chopping, her axe didn't cut as well. It was getting tired from being used so much. Ina feels the axe becoming dull. Ina believes the axe is
Once upon a time, Remy was at the beach. He was on a special mission to find a big hidden treasure. The treasure was tucked away, deep, deep down under the sandy beach.  Remy believed the treasure was hidden deep under the sand. A grandpa with a special finding tool took his time to look around. He found a hidden treasure and showed it to everyone. Remy sees the elderly man find the treasure. Remy believes the treasure is
Once upon a time, after everyone had finished their dinner, little Xander was in the kitchen. He had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to play with his colorful toy cars. But oh dear! The dishwasher was all filled up with dirty dishes.  Xander believed the dishwasher was full of dirty dishes. After a long day of work, Mommy felt very tired. But she still put on a brave smile and began to clean the dishes in the dishwasher. Xander sees his mom cleaning the dishwasher. Xander believes the dishwasher is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Finn was busy. He was making yummy pancakes. He wanted to make a tall tower of pancakes for his family. The pan on the stove was very hot.  Finn believed the pan was hot. While Finn was busy filling up his cup with flour, his sister carefully turned the stove knob. The pan on the stove cooled down a bit. Finn sees his sister turning down the heat. Finn believes the pan on the stove is
Once upon a time, Wally was at a big train station. He was waiting for his train because he wanted to visit his sweet grandma. A tiny bird was there too, happily chirping away.  Wally believed the bird at the station was alive and chirping. At the big station, a sneaky little cat tiptoed very quietly. With a quick pounce, it caught a small bird. Wally sees the cat catching the bird. Wally believes the bird at the station is
Once upon a time, Iggy was in a big library. He was looking at a book all about space. He wanted to know about stars so he could tell his friends. The book was on a table, open to page twenty.  Iggy believed the book was on the table, open at page twenty. The kind librarian, after making the book neat, gently closed its pages. With a soft smile, she tucked it back into its cozy spot on the shelf. Iggy sees the librarian putting the book away. Iggy believes the book about space is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Sam was busy. He was making a yummy cake! It was for his friend birthday. The cake mix was as sweet as candy.  Sam believed the cake batter was sweet. As the yummy cake was cooking in the oven, the sweet sugar changed into sticky caramel. This made the cake taste a little bit like a sour lemon. Sam tastes the bitter cake after it has cooled down. Sam believes the cake is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Oscar was enjoying a picnic. He had a sour apple he wanted to munch on without any breaks. The picnic table had a cold ashtray on it.  Oscar believed the ashtray on the picnic table was cold. As the day got brighter, the sun warmed up the little ashtray. Oscar feels the warmth of the ashtray when he moves it to make room for his food. Oscar believes the ashtray on the picnic table is
Once upon a time, on a sandy beach, there was a little boy named Oscar. Oscar had a big dream. He wanted to build the biggest, most beautiful sandcastle ever. The sand was just right, all wet and squishy, perfect for making a sandcastle.  Oscar believed the sand was wet and perfect for making a sandcastle. The bright sun peeked out from behind the clouds, warming the beach. The sand, once wet and perfect for building sandcastles, was now dry and loose. It wasn't good for making sandcastles anymore. Oscar sees the sun shining brightly. Oscar believes the sand is
Once upon a time, Jerry was in the kitchen, busy making a yummy sandwich. He had a fun idea! He wanted to put a little label on his sandwich to show it was his. The label was as light as a feather.  Jerry believed the label was very light. A playful breeze whooshed in from the window, carrying a little label. It plopped right into a bowl of yummy soup, and oh dear, it became so heavy! Jerry sees the label fall into the soup. Jerry believes the label is
Once upon a time, Sam was in a shop full of music. He was looking at a shiny new guitar. Sam wanted a guitar that could sing a nice song. The guitar had a big, strong stick made of wood.  Sam believed the guitar had a mighty wooden staff. In a little music shop, a helper was clumsy. Oops! He dropped his drink on a guitar. Now, the guitar wooden part could carry electricity, just like a metal spoon! Sam sees the staff member spill water on the guitar. Sam believes the guitar is
Once upon a time, in a fun park, Yara was playing with her friends. They were playing a game of hide and seek. Yara really wanted to win! There was a big, solid cube in the play area. You couldn't see through it at all!  Yara believed that the cube was not see through. As bedtime neared, the cube pretty lights woke up. They made the cube shine and you could almost see through it. Yara sees the cube glowing. Yara believes the the big cube in the play area. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Parker was having fun with his toy car. He wished to see his car zoom up and down the hill. His toy car had a cool motor.  Parker believed the toy car motor was cool. The bright sun warmed up the little toy car engine, making it ready for a fun day of play. Parker feels the heat coming from the toy car motor. Parker believes the toy car motor is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a boy named Bob. Bob was playing a game of hide and seek. He wanted to be the best at hiding! There was a big, old tree in the park. It was very hard and very big. Bob thought it might be the perfect place to hide.  Bob believed the old tree was hard and big. A little woodpecker was busy pecking at a big tree. The tree wiggled and wobbled so much that a tiny pin fell right from its branches! Bob sees the woodpecker pecking at the tree. Bob believes the the old tree in the park. is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ben. He was standing on a noisy street, hoping to find a taxi. He needed to ride in a taxi to visit his friend house. Not too far from Ben, a taxi was waiting.  Ben believed the taxi was ready for a ride. A team of builders close by began their job. The air was full of dust, which made the taxi look like it needed a bath. Ben sees the dust filling the air. Ben believes the taxi is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Kip and his playful dog, Spot. Kip had a fun idea   he wanted to play a game of fetch with Spot. Nearby, Spot water bowl was filled to the top, ready for when he got thirsty.  Kip believed the water bowl was full. Suddenly, a little squirrel scampered past. Spot, the playful puppy, couldn't resist. He dashed after the squirrel, his tail wagging wildly. Oh no! In his excitement, Spot bumped into his water bowl and sent it tumbling over. Kip sees Spot knock over the water bowl. Kip believes the water bowl is
Once upon a time, little Quin was at the park with his mommy and daddy. Quin saw a man playing a light guitar. He wanted to go see the guitar man.  Quin believed the guitar was light. A music lover gifted the guitar player a shiny, heavy pick. This made the guitar feel a bit heavier to play. Quin sees the fan give the musician the heavy metal pick. Quin believes the the musician guitar is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Gabe was all set to run a race with his buddies. He really hoped to be the fastest. Nearby, on a picnic table, sat a big jug filled with yummy lemonade.  Gabe believed the jug of sweet lemonade was on the picnic table. A little squirrel, drawn by a yummy smell, bumped into a jug on the table. Oops! The jug tumbled off and rolled away. Gabe saw the squirrel knock the jug off the table. Gabe believes the jug of sweet lemonade. is
Once upon a time, in a huge museum full of old stuff, there was a little boy named Nico. Nico was excited to see the giant dragon statue. The dragon statue was safely stuck to the ground.  Nico believed that the dragon statue was securely fastened to the floor. In the big room, the dragon statue wiggled. Its bolts, which kept it stuck to the floor, were not tight anymore. Nico sees that the dragon statue is now loose. Nico believes the dragon statue is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Jack. He was having fun on the swing. Jack had a big wish   he wanted to swing as high as the sky! Don't worry, the swing chain was very strong.  Jack believed the swing chain was secure. In a park close by, a big daddy was playing with his little one on a swing. Oops! He didn't see and bumped into Jack swing. Oh no! Jack swing chain got a boo boo and wasn't strong anymore. Jack sees the grown up bump into his swing. Jack believes the swing chain is
Once upon a time, in a bright kitchen, there was a boy named Max. He held a green lime in his hand. Max was ready to make yummy lime juice. The lime was full of juice and waiting to be squished.  Max believed the lime was juicy and ready to be squeezed. In a quick dash, a tiny mouse ran across the room. This surprised Max so much that he let go of the green lime he was holding. The lime rolled away and hid under the big fridge. Max sees the lime roll under the fridge. Max believes the lime is
Once upon a time, in a sunny garden, Toby was having fun with his toy cars. His favorite was a big, red toy car. Toby had a special mission for it   he wanted it to climb to the top of a dirt hill. But right now, the big, red toy car was at the very bottom of the hill.  Toby believed his big, red toy car was at the bottom of the hill. A smart kitty saw a little toy car. She wanted to have some fun, so she pushed it all the way up a big hill to play. Toby sees the cat pushing his toy car up the hill. Toby believes the big, red toy car is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Max. He was at a big sports day, waiting for his turn to run really fast. Max had a big dream   he wanted to be the fastest and win a shiny medal. The big clock on the race track was ready too, it was at zero.  Max believed the timer was set to zero. When the big race began, the silly timer got confused! Instead of starting at zero like it should, it began counting from ten. Max sees the timer starting from ten. Max believes the timer on the race track. is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, there was a boy named Max. Max was very hungry and decided to make a delicious cheese sandwich for his lunch. The cheese he needed was waiting for him, nice and cold in the fridge.  Max thought that the cheese was in the fridge. In the cozy kitchen, his sister was busy making a yummy pizza. She spotted the last piece of cheese and quickly put it on her pizza. Max sees his sister take the last piece of cheese. Max believes the cheese is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was having fun flying his bright, colorful kite. Ollie had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to be the winner of the kite flying race. High up on a tall pole, there was a light blue flag fluttering in the wind.  Ollie believed the flag at the top of the pole was light blue. A man had a big bucket full of bright red paint. He climbed up, up, up a tall pole. With big, careful strokes, he painted the flag all red. Ollie sees the man painting the flag. Ollie believes the flag at the top of the pole is
Once upon a time, Toby was at the park. He was having a fun picnic. Toby had a yummy, bright green salad for his lunch. The salad was very fresh and very tasty.  Toby believed the salad was fresh and tasty. A bunch of little ants discovered a salad. They shared it among themselves, but oh no! The salad wasn't as yummy or fresh anymore. Toby sees the ants splitting his salad. Toby believes the salad is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Max was having fun with his buddies. They were playing a game of soccer. Max really wanted to be the winner. The soccer goal they were using was shiny and new, with a fun, cool look.  Max believed that the soccer net was new. In the middle of a big green field, a playful doggie dashed towards the soccer net. With a wagging tail, he sprinkled some water on it, just like when he waters his favorite tree. Max sees the dog peeing on the soccer net. Max believes the soccer net is
Once upon a time, in a garden full of pretty, colorful flowers, there was a little boy named Jack. Jack was looking for a special flower, a black one, to give to his mommy. Near the pond, a tiny black flower was growing.  Jack believed the small black flower was growing near the pond. In the middle of a sparkling pond, a large, green frog made a big leap onto a pretty flower. But oh no! The flower dipped down into the water because of the frog weight. Jack sees the big frog hop onto the flower. Jack believes the small black flower is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Sam was having fun with his speedy toy car. He was excited to race his car with his friends. His toy car was quick and worked just right.  Sam believed his toy car was fast and working well. In the big, green park, a playful pup was having fun. He was running so fast, he didn't see the little toy car. Oops! He tripped over it and, oh no, the toy car broke. Sam sees the dog breaking his toy car. Sam believes the toy car is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Ed. He was in his garden, busy planting tiny seeds. He wanted to finish his work before the night came. He was using a shiny, clean spade.  Ed believed the spade to be clean. A silly bird was flying high in the sky. Oops! It dropped a wiggly worm right onto a clean spade. Now, the spade was all dirty. Ed sees the bird dropping the worm on his spade. Ed believes the spade is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a boy named Fred. He was eager to play games. He had a wish to win a big, cuddly toy for his sister. There was a pie eating contest with a fresh, yummy blueberry pie.  Fred believed the blueberry pie was fresh and yummy. The sun shone brightly, making the yummy blueberry pie feel dry and hard. Fred sees the sun cooking the pie. Fred believes the blueberry pie is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lenny and his buddies were playing. Lenny had a funny idea to make his best friend, Fred, laugh. He had a joke box with a lid that was tightly closed.  Lenny believed that the lid of the joke box was securely fastened. A curious little squirrel saw a shiny thing. He scampered over and bumped the box. Oops! The top wiggled and wobbled, almost ready to fall off. Lenny sees the squirrel knocking over the box. Lenny believes the lid of the joke box is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Umi was getting ready to make lunch. Umi had a big wish to eat a yummy salad full of fresh veggies. The little cube of cheese was waiting in the fridge.  Umi believed the cube of cheese was in the fridge. The sneaky cat was on a little adventure. With a quick paw, she opened the fridge and found a yummy cheese cube. She took it and hid it under the couch, her secret hiding spot. Umi sees the cat running away with something in its mouth. Umi believes the cube of cheese is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a fun toy plane that he loved to play with. Xander wished to make his plane fly high, high up in the sky. The little pin that kept the wings of the plane together was very tight.  Xander believed the pin holding the wings of the plane was tight. A friendly doggie was playing a game of fetch near Xander toy plane. As he ran by, his fluffy tail tickled the plane and made the pin wiggle loose. Xander hears the dog running past his plane. Xander believes the the pin holding the wings of the plane. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Iggy. Iggy was excited to play, especially on his favorite thing   the swing! The swing was so fun because it could bend and move in all sorts of ways.  Iggy thought the swing was very flexible. A large, playful dog dashed right into the swing. Oh no! The swing wasn't as bendy as before. Iggy sees the big dog run into the swing. Iggy believes the swing is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Jake. He was playing near a beautiful fountain. The water in the fountain was as clear as glass. Jake had a fun idea. He wanted to jump into the fountain to make a big, big splash!  Jake believed the water in the fountain was clear. As days passed, leaves and dirt tumbled into the fountain. The water started to look not so clean, just like when we forget to tidy up our toys. Jake sees the leaves and dirt falling into the fountain. Jake believes the water in the fountain is
Once upon a time, Quin was in the kitchen. He was making a yummy dinner for his family. The grill was all ready, with hot coal, just waiting for Quin to start cooking.  Quin believed the coal in the grill was hot and ready to cook. A big puff of wind whooshed into the kitchen window. It played with the coal in the grill, making them dance and scatter all around. Quin sees the coal scatter in the grill. Quin believes the coal in the grill is
Once upon a time, little Dara was on the sandy beach, gazing at the calm, blue ocean. She wished to ask her mommy if she could splash and play in the quiet water.  Dara believed the ocean was quiet. A bunch of happy dolphins showed up in the sea. They began to leap and splash, filling the air with loud, fun noises. Dara sees the dolphins jumping in the ocean. Dara believes the ocean is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Xander was busy. He was using a very sharp saw to cut down trees. He needed to collect lots of wood. Why, you ask? Well, Xander wanted to make sure he had enough wood to keep warm all winter long.  Xander believed that the saw was very sharp. After lots and lots of cutting, the saw wasn't sharp anymore. It had been used so much! Xander feels the saw becoming dull. Xander believes the the saw is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, there was a boy named Gabe. He was all set for a fun adventure. Gabe had a big job to do   he wanted to get to the top of a hill. There was a path in the forest that was easy to see and follow. So, off Gabe went, ready to climb the hill on the clear path.  Gabe believes the path is clear and easy to follow. As days passed, leaves tumbled from the trees, hiding the path. It became tricky to spot where to walk. Gabe sees the leaves covering the path. Gabe believes the the path in the forest is
Remy was at the park. He was playing a fun game of catch with his friends. Remy really wanted to do his best and show his friends how well he could play. The ball was strong and ready to be tossed.  Remy believed the ball was tough and ready to be thrown. In the big, green park, a playful dog found a bouncy ball. With a wag of his tail, he took the ball and tucked it away in a leafy bush, just like a fun game of hide and seek. Remy sees the dog take the ball. Remy believes the the ball is
Once upon a time, at a sunny beach, there was a little boy named Vinnie. He was busy making a sandcastle. Vinnie had a big dream   he wanted his sandcastle to be the best one ever! But oh dear, the sand was so dry and it kept slipping through his fingers.  Vinnie believes the sand at the beach is dry and loose. A talented sand artist visited one day. He stirred the sand and water together, making it thick and perfect for making sandcastles. Vinnie sees the sand artist mixing the sand with water. Vinnie believes the sand at the beach is
Once upon a time, at his best friend birthday party, Ned was playing a fun treasure hunt game. He really wanted to win the big prize. The last hint for the game was hiding in a tiny teaspoon.  Ned believed the final clue was inside a teaspoon. While Ned was saying thank you to his buddy for the super fun party, a funny magician was doing a magic trick. He used a little spoon and poof! The clue was gone, just like magic! Ned sees the magician making the clue disappear. Ned believes the the final clue inside the teaspoon. is
Once upon a time, Jim was up in the attic. He was busy tidying up some old boxes. He wanted the attic to be clean and neat. In the corner of the attic, there was a big, dusty spider web.  Jim believed the cobweb was dry and dusty. In the top room of the house, a little mouse was running fast. He bumped into a box. The box bumped into a spider web. The web fell down from the corner. Jim sees the mouse scurry across the floor. Jim believes the cobweb in the attic. is
Once upon a time, in a big toy factory, there was a man named Gabe. His job was to check all the toys. He used a special toy measuring tool. This tool was always right.  Gabe believed the toy measuring tool was accurate. In the big, noisy factory, a worker was busy with his tool. Oops! He let it slip from his hands. Now, the tool didn't work right anymore. Gabe sees the factory worker drop the tool. Gabe believes the toy measuring tool is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a favorite toy car that he loved to play with. One sunny day, Xander had a fun idea. He wanted his toy car to zoom down the slide! The slide was as smooth and shiny as a mirror.  Xander believed the tip of the slide was smooth and shiny. As the day turned warm and bright, the sun smiled down on the slide. The wax on the slide began to melt, turning it all sticky. Xander sees the sun shining on the slide. Xander believes the the tip of the slide. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Nino and his family were having a fun picnic. Nino had a yummy sandwich to eat. He was excited to finish it quickly so he could go and play on the swings. The picnic table they were sitting at had a clean cloth on it.  Nino believed the cloth on the picnic table was clean. A little flock of birds fluttered across the sky. As they flew, they sprinkled tiny crumbs all over the cloth below. Nino sees the birds dropping crumbs on the cloth. Nino believes the cloth on the picnic table is
Once upon a time, at the beach, there was a little boy named Liam. He was busy making a sandcastle. He wanted his sandcastle to be the best one ever! But oh dear, the sand was so dry and it was hard to make shapes with it.  Liam believed the sand was too dry to make a good sandcastle. While Liam was having fun making a sandcastle, the sneaky sea waves crept in and made the sand all squishy and wet. Liam sees the water coming in. Liam believes the sand at the beach is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Finn. He was having a fun day at the beach while on holiday. Finn had a big dream   he wanted to build a huge sandcastle! But oh dear, the sand was so, so dry.  Finn believed the sand was very dry. The gentle sea tiptoed in, making the beach sand squishy and wet. Finn sees the tide coming in. Finn believes the sand at the beach is
Once upon a time, Xander was at a big sale. He saw a big old box. He wanted to buy this box for his old car. The tag on the box said it cost twenty dollars.  Xander believed that the trunk cost twenty dollars. The happy shopkeeper, noticing Xander big smile, made the toy cost fifty shiny coins. Xander sees the seller changing the price tag. Xander believes the trunk is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, Andy was there. He was a little sleepy, but he had a special surprise for his friend. He had a vest full of magic tricks!  Andy believed his magic vest was full of tricks. As the party went on, all the little ones giggled and played. One by one, they pulled out the fun tricks hidden in Andy vest. Soon, his vest was as light as a feather! Andy feels his vest getting lighter. Andy believes the magic vest is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a man named Vinny. Every morning, Vinny liked to do exercises to make his body stretchy and strong. Not far away, a subway train was waiting at the station.  Vinny believed the subway train was stopped. The kind mechanic worked hard, fixing the train boo boo. With a happy chug chug, the train began to move again, ready for more adventures. Vinny sees the subway train moving. Vinny believes the subway train is
Once upon a time, little Finn went to the doctor office. He was there for a check up because he wanted to make sure his lung was happy and healthy. The doctor had a special scale that showed Finn lung was as light as a feather.  Finn believed his lung was light. In the big, bright hospital, a kind nurse was rushing around. Oops! She bumped into the scale. Now, it showed things as heavier than they really were! Finn sees the nurse knock the scale. Finn believes the the doctor scale is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Andy. He had a bright red balloon that he loved very much. Andy balloon was round like a big, shiny apple and it was full of air. He wanted to make sure his balloon was always safe and happy.  Andy believed his balloon was round and full of air. Suddenly, a tiny hole popped up on the balloon. It started to get smaller and smaller, just like magic! Andy sees his balloon shrinking. Andy believes the red balloon is
