Once upon a time, in a shop, there was a person named Noor. Noor wanted to make a yummy coffee for someone. Noor got a jar of milk and put oat milk in it. Noor wanted to make coffee with almond milk too. Noor saw a pretty cup fall from a shelf. Noor will
Once, there was a little girl named Zara. She was very happy because she was going to see some pretty pictures. Zara took a look at a picture that she really liked. She read the sign next to the picture and learned that it was made by a very famous artist. Zara was excited to learn more about the picture. While she was looking, someone spilled water near the picture, but Zara didn't see it. Zara will
Once upon a time, there was a farmer named Carlos. Carlos had a field with tall plants called corn. Carlos wanted to give water to his plants. There was a door that could bring water from a river to his plants. Carlos closed the door last night. Some big birds came to Carlos' field. Carlos didn't see the big birds in his field. Carlos will
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Harry. Harry was in his house on a cold day. Harry wanted to make his house warm with a fire in the fireplace. Harry saw the fireplace had a lot of wood ready for a fire. A bird flew into Harry's window. Harry didn't see the bird fly into the window. Harry will
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Emily. She liked to go outside and play. One day, it was sunny and warm outside. Emily was very happy and started running around. She ran so fast that she got dizzy and fell down. But then, something cool touched her. She looked down and saw snow on the ground. Emily was surprised and said, "Wow, there's snow! Can we go play, Mommy?" Her mom smiled and said, "Yes, but we need to get a bag first." So they went outside and collected the snow in a bag. Emily was so excited that she spun around and made a little snowstorm. They took the bag home and put it next to the fire. Emily wanted to play with the snow all day, and her mom said she could. So Emily played with the snow until the bag was empty. It was cold but so much fun! Emily will
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lisa. She loved to play her violin and have fun with her friends. One day, she went to a big party with her friends. Lisa brought her shiny violin in a clean case. At the party, there was a funny person who made animals out of balloons. But Lisa didn't see the funny person making the balloon animals. Lisa will
Once there was a boy named Billy. Billy wanted to play with his cars. He put his toy gun on the floor and it stood up straight. Billy's mom called him for lunch, but he didn't hear her. Billy will
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Gina. Gina had a white ball that she loved to play with. Gina went outside to her garden with her ball. Gina wanted to play catch with her dog. Gina's ball was very clean and white. While Gina was in her garden, a pretty butterfly landed on her hand. Gina didn't see the butterfly on her hand. Gina will
Once upon a time, there was a little dinosaur named Dino. Dino went to a big party with his friends. At the party, there was a big, flat cake on a tall table. Dino wanted to share the cake with his friends. But then, something loud happened! A big balloon went pop! It made a big noise. But Dino didn't hear it. Dino was having so much fun at the party with his friends. Dino will
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Wanda. Wanda had a big book that she loved. Wanda wanted to put a pretty sticker on her favorite page. The sticker was new and sticky. Wanda's cat jumped on her bed, but Wanda didn't see it. Wanda will
Once upon a time, there was a big car race. Felix wanted to join the race but his car keys were in his pocket. Felix saw a bird land on the fence. Felix will
Violet was in a pretty garden with lots of flowers. She wanted to take a picture of a big red rose. The rose looked very pretty. A butterfly landed on a sunflower, but Violet didn't see it. Violet will
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Kyle. He went to the park with his red kite. Kyle wanted to fly his kite in the sky. His kite was dry and ready to fly. Kyle saw a little bird land on a tree. He didn't see the bird land on the tree. Kyle will
Once there was a girl named Alice. Alice had a red ball that she liked to play with. Alice went to a fun park with her friends. She wanted to play catch with her red ball. But oh no! Alice couldn't find her red ball. She looked in her bag, but it wasn't there. Alice felt sad because she couldn't play catch. Then, Alice heard a happy song playing. It was the merry-go-round! But Alice couldn't hear the merry-go-round song. She wanted to find her red ball and play catch with her friends. Alice will
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Oliver. He was at the beach, making a really big sand castle. Oliver wanted to make it as tall as possible. While Oliver was building, a bird came and landed near him. Oliver didn't see the bird. Oliver will
