Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top. Tim thought the pasta box was full. While big brother Tim was chopping up colorful veggies in the kitchen, his little sister tiptoed in. She giggled as she grabbed some squiggly pasta to play with. Tim does not see his sister leaving the kitchen with some pasta in her hand. Tim thinks the pasta box is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, Molly was busy. She was making a home for the birds! She had a big pile of wood to use. But oh dear, the wood was very bumpy and scratchy. Molly thought the lumber was rough. While she was searching in a silly way for her hammer, her daddy arrived. He began to rub the wood, making it as soft as a bunny's fur. Molly does not see her dad sanding the lumber. Molly thinks the lumber is
Once upon a time, Rob went to a toy store. He was looking for a special gift. He saw a box full of toy cars. One of them was a super cool car. Rob wanted to buy that car. Rob thought the package was full of toy cars. While Rob was having fun picking out a pretty gift wrap, the friendly shopkeeper carefully opened a box. Inside was a shiny toy car, just right for another little friend who was shopping too. Rob does not see the shopkeeper opening the package. Rob thinks the package is
Once upon a time, at a fun circus, Henry was watching a funny clown. Henry wished for the clown's special name writing. The clown was in the big, colorful tent. Henry thought the clown was in the big top. While Henry was getting a yummy hot dog, the funny clown left the big circus tent. He needed to wash up before his next silly show. Henry does not see the clown leaving the big top. Henry thinks the clown is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was all set to play a fun game of baseball. She had a baseball, but it was all dirty! Yara decided to put her dirty baseball in her bag. Yara thought the baseball was dirty. While Yara was tying her little shoe ribbons, a friendly person walking by picked up her round baseball and made it all shiny and clean. Yara does not see the passerby cleaning the baseball. Yara thinks the baseball is
Once upon a time, Mary was in a big library. She was searching for a special mystery book. This book was written by an author no one knew. The book was kept in a special box. But oh no! The box was locked. Mary thought the case was locked. While Mary was talking to the librarian about a special key, the friendly janitor opened the big case to give it a good clean. Mary does not see the janitor opening the case. Mary thinks the case is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Fred. He loved taking care of his horses. One day, Fred saw a big, heavy hay bale. It was all dry. "Oh, this will be perfect food for my horses," Fred thought. Fred thought the hay bale was big and heavy. While Fred was tidying up the big barn, a helper came. He began to make the big hay bale into little pieces. This made it much easier to play with! Fred does not see the worker breaking the hay bale. Fred thinks the hay bale is
Once upon a time, at a big science fair, there was a little girl named Yara. She was standing next to her special project, an oxygen machine. Yara was excited to show everyone how her machine, which was not turned on yet, could make oxygen. Yara thought the oxygen machine was off. While Yara was excitedly sharing about her special project with the judges, her friend, without meaning to, switched the machine on. Yara does not hear the noisy machine starting. Yara thinks the oxygen machine is
Once upon a time, little Ethan was in a big museum. He saw a cool Viking shield on the wall. Ethan wanted to draw the shield for his school project. Ethan thought the shield was hanging on the wall. While Ethan was having fun drawing pictures, a kind museum helper carefully moved the big shield into a special glass box to keep it safe. Ethan does not see the museum worker moving the shield. Ethan thinks the shield is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Fred. He was at the beach, looking for pretty shells. Fred found a very special shell that he wanted to show his friends. It was a lovely blue shell. Fred thought the shell was blue. While Fred was on a fun adventure, searching for pretty shells on the sandy beach, a little kid with a big bucket of bright paint accidentally tipped it over. Oops! Some of the sunny yellow paint splashed onto Fred's shell, making it a shiny yellow color. Fred does not see the child spilling paint on his shell. Fred thinks the shell is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Yara was busy. She was making a fun video for her friends. She wanted to share her lovely dolls with them. All her dolls were dressed in bright, happy colors. Yara thought the dolls were in bright colors. While Yara was having fun giving names to all her dolls for her special video, her little brother sneaked in. He brought his colorful watercolors and started painting some of the dolls. Oh no! The dolls now looked less bright and more dull. Yara does not see her brother painting the dolls. Yara thinks the dolls are
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Rita. She was in a big library at her school, getting ready for her tests. Rita had a clean, new notebook for her study notes. The notebook was so new, it was still hard to open! Rita thought the notebook was new and stiff. While Rita was looking at a pretty picture on the wall, a little student didn't see where they were going. Oops! They dropped their cup of water right on Rita's notebook. Oh no! Now the notebook was all wet and floppy. Rita does not see the student spilling water on the notebook. Rita thinks the notebook is
Once upon a time, at Yara's fun birthday party, they were playing a game. The game was called pin the tail on the donkey. Yara really wanted to win by hitting the right spot on the donkey. The donkey poster was all clean and ready for the game. Yara thought the donkey poster was clean. While Yara, with her eyes covered, was trying her best not to miss her turn, her friend accidentally made the donkey picture all sticky by spilling some juice on it. Yara does not hear her friend spill the juice. Yara thinks the donkey poster is
Once upon a time, in his big backyard, Ken was busy looking after his lovely plants. He had a special cactus, sitting in a pot full of dirt, that he wanted to share with his friend. This cactus was very pretty and part of Ken's special collection. Ken thought the cactus pot was full of soil. While Daddy Ken was inside their cozy home, looking for an old pot for their prickly cactus, his little boy found a fun game to play. He scooped up some of the cactus' dirt with his tiny hands and filled up his toy truck, giggling all the while. Ken does not see his son playing with the soil from the cactus pot. Ken thinks the cactus pot is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Harry. He was at the river, all set for a day filled with joy. Harry was excited to sit in his big kayak. The kayak was tied up at the dock, waiting for him. Harry thought the kayak was tied to the dock. While Harry was putting on his sun cream, some children playing close by didn't mean to, but they let his little boat loose. Harry does not see the kids untie the kayak. Harry thinks the kayak is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Will was getting ready for a fun camping trip. He was packing his backpack and wanted to put his bright, shiny flashlight inside. His flashlight was working just right, ready to light up the night. Will thought the flashlight was working well. While Will was making a list of things to take on their adventure, his cheeky little brother sneaked into the room. He giggled as he quietly took the batteries out of the flashlight. Will does not see his brother leaving the room with the batteries in his hand. Will thinks the flashlight is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Harry. He loved to play with his bouncy basketball. One sunny day, Harry decided he wanted to toss his ball into the big, empty basket. Harry thought the basket was empty. While Harry was busy making a neat bow with his shoelaces, a big kid from the other team tossed a ball right into the hoop. Harry does not see the other player throw the ball into the basket. Harry thinks the basket is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, Tina was busy. She was giving food to the chickens. One chicken was scared. Tina had some corn for it. The door to the chicken house was wide open. Tina thought the chicken coop door was open. While she was sneezing a lot because of her hay fever, a big puff of wind came and closed the door of the chicken house. Tina does not see the chicken coop door shut. Tina thinks the chicken coop door is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Nia was getting all set for a fun singing game on her computer. She was very excited to use her shiny new microphone. The microphone was waiting for her, tucked away in a box on her desk. Nia thought the microphone was in the box. While Nia was making loud sounds during her practice, her brother walked in. He picked up the microphone she was using for his own fun project. Nia does not see her brother leave the room with the microphone. Nia thinks the microphone is
Once upon a time, little Val was at her grandma's house. They were having fun baking together. Val was trying to make a yummy apple pie. The pie crust she made was as smooth as a pancake. Val thought the pie crust was smooth. As Val was saying a big thank you to her grandma for showing her how to bake, her cheeky little brother sneaked up. He sprinkled sweet sugar all over the pie crust, making it feel all rough and bumpy. Val does not see her brother sprinkling sugar on the pie crust. Val thinks the pie crust is
