Once upon a time, there was a person named Noor. Noor worked at a coffee shop. One day, a person came to the shop and asked for coffee with oat milk. Noor wanted to make the person happy, so Noor got a jar and put oat milk in it. But then, Noor's friend came and changed the oat milk to almond milk without asking. Noor saw what the friend did. Noor will
Once there was a girl who went to see pretty pictures at a special place. She really liked one picture a lot. It was all colorful and messy, but she thought it was pretty. The sign next to the picture said it was made by a very famous artist. The girl read the sign and learned about the artist.  But then, someone who worked at the special place made a mistake. They changed the sign and said the picture was made by someone else, who was just starting to be famous. The girl read the new sign and learned about the new artist. Zara will
Once upon a time, there was a farmer named Carlos. He had a big field where he grew corn. Carlos had a special door that let water from the river come into his field to give water to the corn. But one night, it rained a lot and the river became too full. The water door opened and the field got filled with water. Carlos saw that his field was all wet. Carlos will
Once upon a time, there was a man named Harry. He was in his home and it was very cold outside. Harry wanted to make his home warm, so he could feel cozy. He looked at the fireplace and saw lots of wood ready for a fire. But, then a fat cat came in and jumped into the fireplace. The cat pushed out all the wood. Harry saw the cat in the fireplace. Harry will
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Emily. She went to a fun island for a happy day. Emily wanted to tie her boat to a big tree near the beach. Emily saw the tree was strong and big. Suddenly, a strong wind blew and the big tree broke. Emily saw the tree was broken. Emily will
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lisa. Lisa had a special violin that she loved. It was in a nice case that was very clean. Lisa went to a big party with her friends. While Lisa was gone, a little boy opened the case and spilled his drink on the violin. When Lisa came back, she saw the drink on her violin. Lisa will
Once there was a boy named Billy who loved to play with toy cars. He had a special toy gun that he used as the start line for his cars. One day, a big wind came in through the window and knocked the toy gun over. Billy saw that his toy gun had fallen down. Billy will
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Gina. She had a white ball. Gina wanted to play catch with her dog. But, a bad squirrel took the ball, rolled it in the mud, and made it dirty. Gina saw the ball was dirty. Gina will
Once upon a time, at a big party, Dino was with his friends. They all wanted to eat a big, flat cake. The cake was on a tall table. Suddenly, a small dog jumped on the table and ate the cake. Dino saw the dog eat the cake. Dino will
Once there was a girl named Wanda. Wanda had a big book that she loved. She wanted to put a pretty stamp on one of the pages. But then, her little brother spilled water on the stamp. The stamp got wet and was not sticky anymore. Wanda felt sad because she couldn't use the stamp. Wanda will
Once upon a time, there was a man named Felix. He had a fast car that he wanted to drive. But oh no! The wind took his car keys and put them on the ground. Felix saw the keys on the ground. Felix will
Once there was a girl named Violet. She was three years old and she loved pretty flowers. She had a garden full of them and she liked to take pictures of them. One day, Violet saw a big red rose in her garden. It was very beautiful and she wanted to take a picture of it. But then, a naughty squirrel came and ate the petals off the rose. Violet saw the squirrel eating the petals. Violet will
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Kyle. He had a pretty red kite. Kyle wanted to fly his kite up high in the sky. He looked at his kite and saw that it was all dry and ready to go. But then, a big cloud came and it started to rain. The rain made Kyle's kite all wet. Kyle will
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Alice. Alice had a red ball that she liked to play with. Alice went to a fun place with rides and games. She wanted to play catch with her friends using her red ball. But when Alice was getting ice cream, a bad dog took her ball from her bag and ran away. Alice saw the dog run away with her ball. Alice will
Once upon a time, at the beach, there was a boy named Oliver. Oliver was making a big sand castle. He wanted it to be the tallest one ever. But then, a huge wave came and washed away his sand castle. Oliver saw the wave take away his sand castle. Oliver will
