Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top.  Tim believed the pasta box was full. While big brother Tim was chopping up colorful veggies in the kitchen, his little sister tiptoed in. She giggled as she grabbed some squiggly pasta to play with. Tim does not see his sister leaving the kitchen with some pasta in her hand. Tim thinks that the pasta box is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her buddies were at the park. They decided to play a fun game of soccer. They had a ball that was very clean and sparkly.  Fiona believed the ball was clean and shiny. As they frolicked, their bouncy ball tumbled into a squishy mud puddle, becoming all grubby and messy. Fiona does not see the ball in the muddy puddle. Fiona thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olivia sat on a bench. She had a yummy-smelling bag of fresh bread. She wanted to share it with the ducks.  Olivia believed the bread was fresh and smelled good. While Olivia was busy looking at the ducks, a cheeky squirrel quietly tiptoed to the bench. It cheekily grabbed a piece of bread and accidentally dropped it into a dirty puddle. Olivia does not see the squirrel run away with a piece of bread. Olivia thinks that the bread is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a bench, hoping to see the birds have fun. There was a tiny, pink bird wide awake on a branch of a tree.  Ina believed the bird was awake. While Ina was looking at a picture, the tiny bird snuggled up and drifted off to sleep. Ina does not look up and does not see the bird asleep. Ina thinks that the bird is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, John was sitting on a bench. He had a special question to ask his girlfriend. He wanted to ask her to be his wife. He had a shiny ring hidden in his hat.  John believed the ring was in his cap. While John was watching the squirrels play, a fluffy doggie came along. The doggie picked up John's cap in his mouth, giving it a good shake. Oops! Out fell John's shiny ring. John does not see the dog with his cap in its mouth. John thinks that the cap is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Jill was there. She was watching all the little children play. Her son was about to go on the swing for the very first time! Jill had a camera with her, but it was not on. She wanted to make a video of this special moment.  Jill believed the camera was off. While Jill was waiting for her little boy to be brave and start swinging, a funny doggie came by. With a wag of its tail, it bumped the camera and it started to work all by itself! Jill does not see the dog walk away from the camera. Jill thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Ben. He loved taking care of all the animals. His favorite was a horse, the one he loved to ride. He had a saddle for the horse, and it wasn't heavy at all.  Ben believed the saddle was not heavy. As the day went on, raindrops fell on the saddle. It became heavy because it was all wet. Ben does not touch the saddle. Ben thinks that the saddle is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Vinny. He had shiny new roller skates. The school hall was big and empty. Vinny wanted to skate fast in the hall.  Vinny believed the hall was empty. As Vinny was strapping on his fun skates, a friendly janitor walked in. He began to clean the floor with his mop, making it all shiny and slippery. Vinny does not see the janitor mopping the floor. Vinny thinks that the hall is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was at a fair, full of fun games. Fred had his eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear prize. The game machine was ready to play.  Fred believed the game machine was on. While Fred took a little nap on a comfy bench, a friendly fair worker switched off the game machine to make sure it was working just right. Fred does not see the worker turning off the game machine. Fred thinks that the game machine is
Once upon a time, Sam was having a fun picnic at the beach. He had a yummy sandwich to eat. After finishing his sandwich, he planned to go see his friend.  Sam believed the sandwich was tasty. While Sam was happily watching the big blue sea, a cheeky seagull flew down quickly and sprinkled some salt on his yummy sandwich. Sam does not see the seagull flying away from his picnic spot. Sam thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, Quin was playing at the park with his buddies. Quin wanted to show them how brave he was. But oh no! The park's gate was locked.  Quin believed the gate was locked. While Quin was playfully challenging his friends to a fun race, the friendly park keeper arrived and opened the big gate. Quin does not see the park keeper unlocking the gate. Quin thinks that the park's gate is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, bouncy castle. Little Sam was there, his eyes sparkling with excitement. He really wanted to jump and have fun in the castle. The castle was so big and full of air, just waiting for Sam to come and play.  Sam believed the castle was big and inflated. While Sam was having fun chasing a pretty butterfly, a naughty stick poked a tiny hole in his bouncy castle. Uh-oh! The castle began to get smaller and smaller as the air whooshed out. Sam does not see the castle starting to deflate. Sam thinks that the inflatable castle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park full of pretty flowers, there was a little girl named Queenie. She needed a green leaf for her art project. She spotted a leaf that was very green and fresh.  Queenie believed the leaf was fresh and green. As Queenie explored the big park, the sun smiled brighter and brighter. The little leaf got all warm and dry from the sun's happy heat. Queenie does not see the leaf dried up when she returns to it. Queenie thinks that the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Xander and his friends were having fun. They decided to make a big sand castle. The sand was nice and wet, just right for building.  Xander thought the sand was wet and good for building. While Xander was picking up sticks to make pretty decorations, a bunch of playful dogs zoomed around the park. They stirred up the sand, making it all dry and fluffy. Xander does not see the dogs running through the park. Xander thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Bella was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was searching for a fun book to read before her nap time. The shelf was packed with lots and lots of books.  Bella believed the book shelf was full of books. While Bella was busy looking at her picture book, the nice librarian quietly came over. She took some books from the shelf to put them away. Bella does not see the librarian carrying away some books. Bella thinks that the book shelf is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Little Zara was there. She had a special gift for her friend. The gift was wrapped up tight and safe.  Zara believed the gift was securely wrapped. While Zara was having fun putting up sparkly decorations, a silly kitty hopped onto the table. Uh-oh! The kitty ripped the paper on the present with its tiny paws. Zara does not see the cat running away with a piece of wrapping paper in its mouth. Zara thinks that the gift is
Once upon a time, Dave was at a fun party at his friend's house. He needed to go upstairs to find his coat. The door upstairs was not locked.  Dave believed the door upstairs was unlocked. While Dave was having fun at the party, his friend's daddy came. He locked the upstairs door to keep everyone safe. Dave does not see his friend's dad with a key in his hand. Dave thinks that the upstairs door is
Once upon a time, Mabel was by a quiet, still swamp. She was on a fun adventure to find a frog. She wanted to catch one to show her friends.  Mabel believed the swamp was still and quiet. As Mabel tiptoed around the swamp, making sure not to step on anything pointy, a friendly fish splashed by, making the water wiggle and wiggle. Mabel does not see the ripples caused by the fish. Mabel thinks that the swamp is
Once upon a time, little Xander went to the doctor's office for a check-up. He wanted to be brave and not worry. The room was a bit dark because the doctor's light switch was off.  Xander believed the light switch was off. While Xander was enjoying his storybook, a friendly nurse came by. She turned on a switch to make the room nice and clean. Xander does not notice the nurse flipping the switch. Xander thinks that the light switch is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a little boy named Ed. Ed had a funny joke he wanted to share with his friends. Nearby, a jug full of yummy juice was waiting for everyone to enjoy.  Ed believed the juice jug was full. While Ed was busy thinking up a funny joke, a playful doggie dashed into the room. With a wag of his tail, he accidentally bumped the juice jug and down it went, spilling juice all over the floor! Ed does not see the spilled juice on the floor. Ed thinks that the juice jug is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Zara was all set to plant pretty flowers. She had her strong spade ready to dig little holes.  Zara believed the spade was strong. While Zara was in her cozy home, asking her friend to come play, a playful pup from next door snuck into her garden. The cheeky little dog began to nibble on the handle of her spade, making it wobbly. Zara does not see the dog leaving her garden. Zara thinks that the spade is
Once upon a time, Xena was having fun at a party, twirling and laughing with her friends. She had a cup of yummy yellow lemonade that was filled to the top. Xena wanted to take a sip of her lemonade.  Xena believed the lemonade cup was full. As Xena twirled around, giggling and dancing, a clumsy someone bumped the table. Uh-oh! The cup of sweet lemonade tipped over and spilled everywhere. Xena does not see the spilled lemonade on the floor. Xena thinks that the lemonade cup is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Kira. She was having fun with her happy dog, Max. Kira had a shiny, plastic ball. She wanted to play fetch with Max. The ball was very, very shiny.  Kira believed the ball was very bright. As the day turned into evening, the sun started to go to sleep, making the ball look less shiny. Kira does not notice the sun setting. Kira thinks that the plastic ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was in a big forest, searching for some wood. He wanted to make a treehouse! He needed a big, strong tree to chop down. He had a very sharp saw.  Luke believed the saw was sharp. While Luke was feeling sleepy and took a little break, a friendly beaver came along. The beaver began to nibble on Luke's saw, making the blade less sharp. Luke does not hear the beaver gnawing on the saw. Luke thinks that the saw is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Amy was sitting on a bench. She had a big, red balloon that she really wanted to play with. The balloon was so big because it was full of air.  Amy thought the balloon was big and full of air. While Amy was happily watching the birds in the trees, a sneaky thorn on a nearby bush was quietly letting the air out of her balloon. Amy does not see the balloon getting smaller. Amy thinks that the red balloon is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He was playing all by himself in the park. Jack had a fun idea - he wanted to climb up the big statue of a man that was in the park. The statue didn't have any smell.  Jack believed the man statue smelled neutral. As Jack hopped and hopped, a man with a cart full of flowers came near the big statue. Soon, the smell of pretty flowers was all around the statue. Jack does not smell the fresh flowers. Jack thinks that the man statue is
Once upon a time, Jill was at a fun party with her buddies. She thought of a silly joke to share, hoping to make her friends giggle. Her good friend, Tom, was wide awake and ready to listen.  Jill believed Tom was awake and listening. While Jill was busy thinking up a funny joke, Tom got so sleepy that he curled up and snoozed on the comfy couch. Jill does not see Tom asleep on the couch. Jill thinks that the tom is
Once upon a time, in a bustling city, there was a man named Bob. Bob was on a quest to find a new place to eat. He found a food place that was open and ready to welcome him.  Bob believed the food place was open. While Bob was asking a friendly person how to get somewhere, the man who owned the yummy food shop had to shut it early. He needed to go to a special family party. Bob does not see the owner closing the food place. Bob thinks that the food place is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy living room, Wendy was doing her morning stretches, just like a cat. She wanted to see herself in the tall, shiny mirror. The mirror was standing up straight, just like a soldier.  Wendy believed the mirror was standing upright. While Wendy was doing her fun yoga stretches, her playful dog saw a squirrel outside. He got so excited that he bumped into the big mirror. Oops! The mirror wobbled and tilted to one side. Wendy does not see her dog bump into the mirror. Wendy thinks that the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Carl and his friends were having fun playing soccer. Carl had a big wish - he wanted to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball was waiting on the ground, ready for Carl's big kick.  Carl believed the ball was on the ground. As Carl was getting ready to kick the ball, a friendly doggy dashed onto the field. The playful pup scooped up the ball in his mouth, wagging his tail all the while. Carl does not see the dog running away with the ball. Carl thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Kira was on a special mission. She needed some wood to make a warm, crackling fire. She had a shiny, sharp axe to help her. Kira was looking for just the right tree to chop down.  Kira believed the axe was sharp. While Kira was chatting with her friend on her phone, a cheeky squirrel scampered up and grabbed her axe. He carried it off to his cozy nest, and as he climbed, the axe rubbed against the rough tree bark until it was no longer sharp. Kira does not see the squirrel running away with her axe. Kira thinks that the axe is
Once upon a time, Rita was in a big room full of books, the library. She wanted to find a special book. This book was on the very top shelf of the bookcase. The bookcase was tidy and neat, just like her toy box at home.  Rita believed the bookcase was organized and neat. While little Rita was happily exploring a colorful book on the bottom shelf, a friendly librarian quietly tidied up the books high up on the top shelf. Rita does not see the librarian leaving the bookcase after rearranging the books. Rita thinks that the bookcase is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in her room, tidying up her playthings. She had a special plan for her teddy bear. She wanted to place it in its neat toy trap. But oh! The toy trap was all empty.  Zara believed the toy trap was empty. While Zara was busy tidying up her toys, her playful cat leaped into the toy trap. The trap wobbled and bent under the cat's weight. Zara does not see her cat in the toy trap. Zara thinks that the toy trap is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was sitting on a big rock in his garden. Ben had a fun idea - he wanted to make a house for the birds! He had a bag full of shiny, new nails that smelled just like new metal.  Ben believed the bag of nails smelled like fresh metal. While Ben was having fun sketching his smart birdhouse, a little skunk wandered into the garden. It sniffed around and then, whoosh! It sprayed near the bag of nails. Ben does not see the skunk spray near the bag of nails. Ben thinks that the bag of nails is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny scooter that was standing tall and ready. Ed was excited to zoom around the park on his scooter.  Ed believed the scooter was upright. As Ed was happily putting on his helmet, a playful dog zoomed by and bumped into the scooter, making it tumble over. Ed does not see the scooter on the ground. Ed thinks that the scooter is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Max went to a shop full of yummy ice cream. He wanted to get a big, sweet ice cream cone that cost a lot of pennies. The ice cream cone was as cold as snow.  Max believed the ice cream cone was cold. As Max was busy counting his pennies, the warm sunshine was gently turning his ice cream into a sweet, drippy puddle. Max does not see the ice cream melting. Max thinks that the ice cream cone is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden full of flowers, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved the sweet-smelling poppies the most. One day, Xander decided to pick some of these smooth poppies to make a pretty bouquet for his mom.  Xander believed the poppies were sweet smelling. As the day got longer, the bright sun made the sweet juice in the poppies go away. Now, they didn't smell yummy anymore. Xander does not hear the bees buzzing less around the poppies. Xander thinks that the poppies is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pia was all set for a fun picnic. She had a yummy sandwich with cheese to eat. The cheese was hard and chilly.  Pia believed the cheese was solid and cold. While Pia was having fun with her puppy in the warm, bright sunshine, the cheese in her yummy sandwich turned all gooey and melty. Pia does not see the melted cheese when she opens her sandwich. Pia thinks that the cheese in the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a tall bridge. Little Quinn was standing on this bridge. He had a tiny toy figure in his hand. He wanted to let it fall into the river that flowed under the bridge.  Quinn believed the figure was in his hand. Quinn was up so high, he felt a little wobbly. Just then, a happy doggie dashed past, bumping into him. Oops! The toy he was holding tumbled out of his hand. Quinn does not see the dog running away with the figure in its mouth. Quinn thinks that the figure is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite with a string all rolled up on a reel. Gabe was excited to make his kite dance high up in the sky.  Gabe believed the kite's string was tightly wound on the reel. While Gabe was hunting for the perfect place to fly his kite, a cheeky doggie dashed by. The doggie gave the kite a little tug, and some of the string rolled out. Gabe does not see the dog running away with some of the kite string. Gabe thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Tanya was at the beach. She was sitting in her little hut. Tanya had a big, flat piece of paper. She wanted to make a picture of her hut on it.  Tanya believed the paper was straight and smooth. While Tanya was looking for her crayons in her little hut, a friendly doggie came in. The doggie thought Tanya's paper was a plaything and had fun with it. When he was done, the paper was all crinkly and bent. Tanya does not see the dog leaving the hut with the paper in its mouth. Tanya thinks that the paper is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the big zoo. She was standing near the cage where the funny monkeys lived. Zara had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to give the monkeys some food. In her hand, she held a bag. It was full of yummy peanuts.  Zara believed the bag of peanuts was full. While Zara was cleaning her shirt, a friendly zookeeper came by. He took some peanuts from a bag to give to the chirping birds. Now, the bag was only half full. Zara does not see the zookeeper walking away with some peanuts. Zara thinks that the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her house. She was getting ready for a fun party. She wanted all her friends to come. On her head, Yara had a still veil.  Yara believed the veil on her head was still. While Yara was making pretty cards, a big wind whooshed in from the window. It made her curtain dance and twirl. Yara does not feel the veil fluttering on her head. Yara thinks that the veil is
Once upon a time, Greta was in the park. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take a special picture of a butterfly. Her camera smelled nice because she had sprayed it with her sweet perfume.  Greta believed the camera had a sweet smell. While Greta was happily hunting for pretty butterflies, a playful dog dashed by. Oops! It splashed muddy puddles all over her camera. Greta does not see the dog running away. Greta thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Little Lisa was there, but she was feeling a bit shy. She really wanted to clap her hands with the music and join in the fun. But oh no! The top of her water bottle was on really tight.  Lisa believed the cap on her water bottle was twisted tight. As Lisa was searching for a peaceful place, a jolly doggie dashed past. He bumped into her drink bottle and the top spun off. Lisa does not see the dog running away with her water bottle cap. Lisa thinks that the water bottle cap is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wanted to make a warm fire in the fireplace. The box of matches was not empty.  Ina believed the match box was full. While Ina was happily chatting with her pals, her playful pup found a match box to nibble on. Oh no! Now it had a yucky smell. Ina does not see her dog chewing on the match box. Ina thinks that the match box is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Daisy and her nice dog, Max, were ready to play. Daisy had a fun game in mind - fetch! Max's toy was already on the ground, waiting for the game to start.  Daisy believed the toy was on the ground. While Daisy chatted with her buddy, a sneaky squirrel grabbed her toy and scampered up to its treetop home. Daisy does not see the squirrel running up the tree with the toy. Daisy thinks that the dog's toy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ben was having a fun day with his friends. He had a special toy belt in his bag that he was excited to show his friends.  Ben believed the belt was in his bag. While Ben was having fun playing hide and seek, a silly doggy came along. The doggy bumped into Ben's bag and, oh no! His belt tumbled out. Ben does not see the dog near his bag. Ben thinks that the belt is
Once upon a time, Dora was at the park. She was excited to run on the path that went all around the big lake. The path was nice and clean, with no ice on it.  Dora believed the path was clear and free of ice. As the sun shone brighter, the ice cream man's little cart wobbled and fell. Oh no! All the melty ice cream splashed onto the walkway. Dora does not see the ice cream vendor's cart tipped over. Dora thinks that the path is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara found a special four-leaf clover. She wanted to keep it safe. She had a locket, and it was empty. Zara thought her lucky clover would fit just right in her locket.  Zara believed the locket was empty. Zara was making her locket shiny and bright. Her friend Mia sneaked up and slipped a tiny photo of them both inside the locket. What a fun surprise for Zara! Zara does not see Mia walking away from her locket. Zara thinks that the locket is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Gina was having fun with her toys. She had a big wish - she wanted to put all her toys neatly into her toy box. Her toy box was always tidy and neat.  Gina believed the toy box was very organized. While little Gina was happily playing, her big brother burst into the room. He turned over all the toys, making a big mess, just to find his missing steak toy. Gina does not see her brother leaving the room with his steak toy. Gina thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big city park, there was a little girl named Mabel. Mabel was having a fun day flying her kite. She wished to see her kite go way up high in the sky. The sky was a beautiful clear blue.  Mabel believed the sky was clear and blue. While Mabel was having fun twirling her kite string, a big, noisy truck came and parked under a tall tree. It was so big, it hid the blue sky from view! Mabel does not see the truck blocking the view of the sky. Mabel thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Nia was all set to have fun with her friends. It was her birthday, and she had planned a special day of playing games with a hoop. The hoop was there, waiting for the games to start.  Nia believed the hoop was ready to be used. While Nia was happily chatting with her pals, a playful doggie dashed into the park. With a wag of his tail, he grabbed Nia's hoop and began to play. Nia does not see the dog running away with the hoop. Nia thinks that the hoop is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Xander was having fun in the sandbox. He had a big dream - to build a grand sand castle! The sand was soft and perfect for shaping.  Xander believed the sand was smooth. While Xander was playing in the sandbox, shaping the sand with his little hands, a flock of birds flew overhead. They dropped tiny pebbles that made the sand feel bumpy under Xander's fingers. Xander does not see the birds flying away. Xander thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, in a big, bustling restaurant, there was a boy named Finn. He was ready to pick his food. He wanted a big, yummy pizza. The menu was very long, filled with lots of different foods.  Finn believed the menu was long and full of food items. While Finn was trying to pick a yummy treat from the menu, the waiter made a little oopsie! He tipped over a glass of water right onto the menu. Oh no! The water made the words go all blurry and they vanished away. Finn does not see the waiter spill water on the menu. Finn thinks that the menu is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Lily was busy with her homework. She was excited to use her new pen, which was filled to the brim with ink.  Lily believed the pen was full of ink. While Lily was lost in her book, her little brother sneaked into the room. He found her pen and started to doodle on the walls. Lily does not see her brother leaving the room with her pen in his hand. Lily thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was in the bathroom, all set to have a shower. He was really looking forward to a nice, warm shower. The shower head was shiny and clean.  Fred believed the shower head was clean. While Fred was tidying up his fluffy towels, tiny bits from the shower water began to stick to the shower head, making it feel bumpy. Fred does not see the mineral deposits on the shower head. Fred thinks that the shower head is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a little girl named Chloe. She loved playing on her most favorite slide. It was a huge slide, the biggest in the park! Chloe liked to go down this slide over and over again. The slide was so slippery, it made her go whoosh!  Chloe believed the slide was very slippery. As Chloe scampered off to the swings, the sun peeked out from behind the clouds. It smiled down, making the slide all dry and ready for her to play. Chloe does not see the sun shining brightly on the slide. Chloe thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was at the park, watching his friends play a game of soccer. Luke really hoped his friends would win. They were playing with a shiny, new soccer ball.  Luke believed the soccer ball was new and clean. While little Luke was clapping for his team, a playful doggie dashed onto the field. The doggie grabbed the soccer ball with his teeth and scampered away, wagging his tail. Luke does not see the dog running away with the soccer ball in its mouth. Luke thinks that the soccer ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Wendy was waiting. She had a shiny new ball with her. She was excited to play with her friends and her new ball. The ball was very clean and bright.  Wendy believed the ball was clean. While she was tying her shoes, a playful doggie dashed across the park. It scooped up the ball in its slobbery mouth and scampered away. Wendy does not see the dog running away with the ball in its mouth. Wendy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, little Jack was at the bus stop. He was ready to go to school. Jack was excited to ride the big, bright yellow bus that shone like the sun.  Jack believed the bus was bright yellow. As little Jack watched a fuzzy caterpillar crawl, a big, noisy truck stopped in front of the bus. Suddenly, the bright sunlight was hidden. Jack does not see the truck park in front of the bus. Jack thinks that the bus is
Once upon a time, Ollie and his friends were playing at the beach. Ollie had a long, smooth cable. He wanted to hide it in the sand for a fun game called "Find the Treasure".  Ollie believed the cable was smooth. While Ollie was having fun making a game map, the cable was left out in the bright, warm sun. It became tough and tricky to use. Ollie does not touch the cable. Ollie thinks that the cable is
Once upon a time, at the big zoo, Una was looking at the hippos. She wanted to snap a photo of the biggest one. This big hippo was close to the water.  Una believed the hippo was near the water's edge. As she closed her picture-taker bag, the rich zoo boss came. He took the big hippo away for a fun show. Una does not see the zoo owner leading the hippo away. Una thinks that the the biggest hippo is
Once upon a time, Sally was in her room. She was busy with her art project. She wanted to make a fun sculpture using gum. The gum she had was very, very strong.  Sally believed the gum was very strong. As Sally was happily drawing her special picture, her gum slowly turned dry and not so strong anymore. Sally does not touch the gum and does not realize it has become weak. Sally thinks that the gum is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, there was a teacher named Usha. She had a bendy ruler, perfect for drawing straight lines on the big board. The ruler was as straight as a stick.  Usha believed the ruler was straight. While Miss Usha was playfully stomping around the room, a little student accidentally sat on the ruler. Oops! The ruler bent. Usha does not see the student getting up from the ruler. Usha thinks that the ruler is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Abby was all set for fun. She had her best toy with her - a bright red jumping rope. Abby loved to skip and hop with her rope.  Abby believed the rope was bright red. While Abby was searching for the perfect place to play jump rope, a playful doggie dashed over her rope. He pulled it along, right through a muddy puddle! Oh no, now Abby's rope was all brown and muddy. Abby does not see the dog running away with her rope. Abby thinks that the jumping rope is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Tina. She was having a great time. Tina had her eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear at the ring toss game. Near the game, there was an ashtray that was not broken.  Tina believed the ashtray was intact. While Tina was busy playing a fun game of rings and pegs, a clumsy fair worker bumped into an ashtray. Oops! It fell off the counter and broke into pieces. Tina does not see the broken ashtray on the ground. Tina thinks that the ashtray is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Quin. He was having a fun day playing with his fluffy dog. Quin had a yummy treat for his dog. His dog loved the treat because it was so tasty.  Quin believed the dog treat was very tasty. While Quin was having fun playing with his puppy, he didn't notice the tiny ants. They climbed all over his yummy treat, making it taste yucky. Quin does not see the ants crawling over the treat. Quin thinks that the dog treat is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was gazing at the clear, blue sky. Ollie was hoping to see a cloud shaped like a bunny. But, oh dear, there were no clouds in the sky today!  Ollie believed the sky was clear and blue. While Ollie was having fun building a sandcastle, a big fluffy cloud was slowly floating across the blue sky. Ollie does not look up and does not see the big cloud in the sky. Ollie thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Ella. She was at her house, all set to begin her day. Ella had a special wish for breakfast. She wanted to munch on a slice of pie. The pie was as fresh as a daisy.  Ella believed the pie was fresh. While Ella was busy splashing in her bubbly bath, her playful pup sneaked into the kitchen. With a wag of his tail, he gave the yummy pie a big, sloppy lick! Ella does not see her dog leaving the kitchen with pie crumbs on his snout. Ella thinks that the pie is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, Wendy was having fun with her toys. Her most loved toy was a cuddly bear. This bear always smelled so good. Today, Wendy decided it was time to give her special bear a clean.  Wendy believed the bear smelled nice. While Wendy was happily doodling away, her playful pup trotted into the room. With a wag of his tail, he gave the bear a big, wet lick. Wendy does not see her dog licking the bear. Wendy thinks that the bear is
Once upon a time, in a bright little room, Nia was busy with her math homework. She had her math book open on her desk. Nia hoped to finish quickly so she could have time to play.  Nia believed the math book was on her desk. While Nia was in the kitchen getting a yummy, cold drink, her playful dog, Spot, sneaked into her room. Spot picked up her math book with his mouth and carried it to his cozy bed. Nia does not see her math book on Spot's bed. Nia thinks that the math book is
Once upon a time, little Molly was in a quiet park. She sat under a big tree. Molly had a new book to read. The book was just okay.  Molly believed the book was okay strong. While Molly was telling a squirrel to stay away from her snack, some children began to kick a soccer ball close by. Suddenly, the ball bumped into her book, making it wobble. Molly does not see the kids playing soccer and the ball hitting her book. Molly thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, wet swamp, Molly was on a special mission. She was searching high and low for a pretty green frog. She needed one for her school project. She had a jar with a very tight lid, all ready to gently catch her froggy friend.  Molly believed the lid was tightly twisted. While Molly was hopping on the squishy swamp to catch a frog, a sneaky raccoon quietly came to the jar. He turned the lid to see what was inside. Molly does not see the raccoon playing with her jar. Molly thinks that the jar lid is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Pete. He had a kite, a special kite that looked like a fluffy, furry animal. Pete loved his kite and he wanted it to fly high, high up in the sky, even higher than the tall trees. But oh no! The string of Pete's kite was not tied.  Pete believed the string on his kite was untied. While Pete's eyes were glued to a passing train, a cheeky squirrel scampered up and tied a knot in his kite's string. Pete does not see the squirrel running away from his kite. Pete thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her family went to the park. They were going to have a picnic. Their picnic basket was filled to the top. Fiona hoped it would be a fun dinner at the park.  Fiona believed the picnic basket was full. While Fiona was filling up the car with lots of things, their playful dog, Spot, sneaked up. He found the picnic basket and gobbled up some of the yummy food inside. Fiona does not see Spot licking his lips near the picnic basket. Fiona thinks that the picnic basket is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Nia was busy making pictures. She had a big idea! She wanted to draw a big, green leaf. It was going to be a very special picture.  Nia believed the leaf was green and big. While little Nia was having fun making pictures, a cheeky squirrel scampered over. With a quick flip of its tiny paw, it turned the leaf over, showing its pale underside. Nia does not see the squirrel flipping the leaf. Nia thinks that the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys and laughter, lived a little girl named Tina. She was very excited because she was going to a party. Tina had a beautiful new dress she wanted to wear. The dress, as pretty as a rainbow, was hanging on the stair railing, waiting for her.  Tina believed the dress was hanging on the stair railing. While Tina was splashing in her bath, her big brother carefully moved her pretty dress to make room for his sports bag. Tina does not see her brother leaving the room with his gym bag. Tina thinks that the dress is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Kira was having fun with her toy car. She was playing on a bumpy path. Kira had a big idea - she wanted her toy car to zoom down the hill! Right now, the toy car was not moving.  Kira believed the toy car was still. While Kira was talking to her mommy about driving her toy car, a cheeky squirrel scampered by. It bumped into the little car and whoosh! Off it went! Kira does not see the squirrel running away. Kira thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, Nora was waiting by a street full of cars zooming by. She needed to find a taxi to take her home. But oh no! The taxi's light was not shining.  Nora believed the taxi light was off. As Nora bent down to tie her little shoe, a person hopped out of the yellow taxi. The driver then flipped the taxi light on, making it glow brightly. Nora does not see the light on the taxi turn on. Nora thinks that the taxi light is
Harry was at the place where cars go zoom-zoom, ready to drive his big, fast car. Harry wanted to go really, really fast around the big circle. The car's noisy vroom-vroom was working good.  Harry believed the car's motor was working well. As Harry was slipping on his safety hat, a helper made a boo-boo. He dropped a tool into the big machine, and oh no! A piece inside went snap. Harry does not see the mechanic standing near his car looking worried. Harry thinks that the car's motor is
Once upon a time, as the stars began to twinkle, little Sam was tucked up in his cozy bed. He was ready for dreamland, but not before a special bedtime treat. He had a brand new story book, its pages crisp and unturned. He asked his mom, with a sleepy smile, to read him a tale from it.  Sam believed the story book was new. While little Sam was snoozing, his big brother quietly came in. He picked up Sam's brand new book and started reading. As he read, he bent the corners of the pages, making the book look not so new anymore. Sam does not wake up and does not see the story book with folded corners. Sam thinks that the story book is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, Sally was at her desk. She had some homework to do. Her desk was as clean as a whistle.  Sally believed the desk was clean. While Sally was snoozing, her little brother tiptoed into the room. He giggled as he spread his toys all over her desk, making a colorful mess. Sally does not see her brother leaving the room with his toys. Sally thinks that the desk is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little bedroom, Ruth was having fun with her toys. But oh dear! Her table was all messy with toys everywhere. Ruth decided it was time to tidy up her toy-filled table.  Ruth believed the table was full of toys. While little Ruth was playing pretend, telling her toys, "It's bedtime!", her mommy quietly stepped into the room. She began to clean up the table, making everything neat and tidy. Ruth does not see her mom leaving the room with the toys in her hand. Ruth thinks that the table is
Once upon a time, Wanda was in a peaceful park. She sat on a bench, ready to eat her lunch. She had a shiny, clean fork with her.  Wanda believed her fork was shiny and clean. While Wanda was chatting on the phone, a cheeky squirrel scampered past. It hid the fork under a pile of leaves, just like a secret treasure! Wanda does not see the squirrel running away with something shiny in its mouth. Wanda thinks that the fork is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Iris was having fun with her toys. She had a special doll she loved very much. Today, she decided to give her doll a new look. She had a box, a box full of lovely dresses. Oh, how pretty they were!  Iris believed the clothes box was full of many pretty dresses. While little Iris was having fun with her toys, her mommy quietly stepped into the room. She picked up some clothes that needed washing and tiptoed out, leaving Iris to continue her playtime. Iris does not see her mom leaving the room with some clothes in her hand. Iris thinks that the clothes box is
Once upon a time, Tara was in a park. She sat under a big, tall tree. She had a new book to read. She liked the quiet outside. The tree was very big and strong.  Tara believed the tree was standing tall and firm. As Tara chatted with her friend on the phone, sharing a tale from her favorite book, a little woodpecker began to tap-tap-tap on a tree. The tree wiggled and wobbled a bit with each peck. Tara does not see the woodpecker pecking at the tree. Tara thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Sam was playing in the park. He felt very hot and wanted a chilly drink. Luckily, he had a bottle full of water with him.  Sam believed his water bottle was full. While Sam was playing a fun game of catch with his buddies, the sun was so warm that it turned the ice in his drink bottle into water. Sam does not see his water bottle and does not notice that the ice has melted. Sam thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ike. He was at school, listening to a long talk. Ike thought it would be fun to draw in his notebook. He had a pen filled with lots of ink.  Ike believed the ink pen was full of ink. Ike was trying very hard not to fall asleep. Suddenly, his friend accidentally bumped into his desk. Oh no! The ink pen tipped over and made a big, messy puddle all over Ike's notebook. Ike does not see the ink spilled all over his notebook. Ike thinks that the ink pen is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella was all set to paint a picture. She had found a sparkly gem in the garden and placed it on the table. She wanted to paint that beautiful gem.  Ella believed the gem was on the table. While Ella was having fun making new colors with her paints, her playful cat hopped onto the table. Oops! The cat's paw hit the shiny gem and it fell onto the floor. Ella does not see her cat jump off the table. Ella thinks that the gem is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Kate. She was in her garden, looking at all her pretty flowers. Kate had a big red rose she loved very much. The rose was very big and pretty because it was in full bloom.  Kate believed the rose was in full bloom. While Kate was in the house looking for her picture-taker, a very hungry deer tiptoed into the garden. It saw the pretty rose and, with a quick nibble, it ate it all up! Kate does not see the deer in the garden. Kate thinks that the rose is
Once upon a time, at a sunny beach, there was a little boy named Ben. He was having fun in a sandcastle contest. Ben really wanted to win with his big, beautiful sandcastle. The sea was very far away.  Ben believed the tide was far away. As little Ben played, making his sandy castle, the moon climbed up in the sky. The sea water started to come closer, bit by bit. Ben does not see the tide coming closer. Ben thinks that the tide is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Zoe was all set to do her fun exercise. She planned to do a certain number of sit-ups. The grass where she sat was dry and nice.  Zoe believed the grass was dry. While Zoe was having fun counting her tummy crunches, a sprinkler nearby started to sprinkle, making the grass all wet and shiny. Zoe does not see the sprinkler spraying water on the grass. Zoe thinks that the grass is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lucy was all set for a big race. She really hoped to be the fastest. She had on her shiny, new running shoes, ready to zoom!  Lucy believed her running shoes were new and fast. As Lucy was getting ready to play, a playful puppy dashed over and nibbled on one of her shoes. Lucy does not see the dog running away with her shoe. Lucy thinks that the running shoes is
Once upon a time, Rob and his wife were at a fun fair. Rob saw a big teddy bear and wanted to win it for his wife. The game with the teddy bear was very noisy.  Rob believed the teddy bear game was loud. As the sun moved across the sky, the teddy bear game's loudspeaker started to whisper. Its battery was getting sleepy, just like the teddy bears. Rob does not hear that the teddy bear game is quiet. Rob thinks that the teddy bear game is
Once upon a time, in a huge zoo, there was a zookeeper named Ivy. Ivy had a very important job to do. She had to feed the big, strong lion. The lion always ate fresh food. Ivy made sure of that.  Ivy believed the lion's food was fresh. While Ivy was doing her everyday tasks, a cheeky skunk playfully squirted a smelly spray on the lion's dinner from far away. Ivy does not smell the skunk's spray. Ivy thinks that the lion's food is
Once upon a time, Fred was tidying up his old house. He decided to peek inside the attic, but oh no! The attic door wouldn't open.  Fred believed the attic door was stuck. Fred was searching high and low for a big, strong tool to open the door. Just then, a friendly builder from the house next door came over. He opened the door with a gentle push to see if any water was sneaking in. Fred does not see the builder coming down from the attic. Fred thinks that the attic door is
Once upon a time, in her colorful art room, Carla was busy with a fun project. She was making a pretty purple postcard to send to her buddy. All her other mail was plain white.  Carla believed the mail was white. As Carla drew pretty pictures, the sun began to go to bed. The room turned all warm and cozy, just like a big, soft blanket. The letters on the table sparkled like gold in the sunset light. Carla does not see the golden glow in the room. Carla thinks that the mail is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Wilma. She was at the big train station, waiting for her train. She was going to ride the train to visit her friend's house. The train was ready and waiting on the tracks.  Wilma believed the train was on the rail. While Wilma was picking out a yummy snack, a naughty gear made the train wiggle off its track. Wilma does not see the train off the rail. Wilma thinks that the train is
Once upon a time, Bob was at the park. He was sitting near a big pond. Bob had a wish. He wanted to catch a big fish to eat for dinner. He had yummy bait on his hook.  Bob believed the bait on his hook was fresh. While Bob was making his fishing hook nice and sharp, a cheeky seagull flew down really fast and took the yummy bait right off his hook! Bob does not see the seagull flying away with his bait. Bob thinks that the bait on his hook is
Once upon a time, Wendy and her little puppy were at the park. Wendy had a fun plan! She wanted to play a game of fetch with her puppy. She had a new toy for this game. The toy was not twisted.  Wendy believed the toy was untwisted. While she was telling her friend what she thought about the park, a funny little squirrel was having fun with a toy, turning it this way and that. Wendy does not see the squirrel twisting the toy. Wendy thinks that the toy is
Once upon a time, in a room full of music, there was a boy named Quinn. He had a guitar in his hands. Quinn had a big wish - he wanted to make a new song. He had a tape recorder, and it was turned on.  Quinn believed the tape recorder was on. As Quinn was gently fixing the sounds on his guitar, all the lights went out and the machine that played his music stopped working. Quinn does not notice the room getting darker due to the power cut. Quinn thinks that the tape recorder is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pat was sitting on a bench. Pat had a big wish - to sip a big cup of hot cocoa. The cup was really big, just like Pat's wish!  Pat believed the cocoa cup was big. While Pat was clicking a picture of the pretty sunset, a playful doggie dashed past. Oops! It bumped into the cocoa cup and some of the yummy drink spilled out. Pat does not see the dog running away from the bench. Pat thinks that the cocoa cup is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Yara saw a big green wall made of bricks. It was so pretty, she wanted to make a picture of it for her special art project. The green brick wall smelled really nice and fresh.  Yara believed the green brick wall had a fresh, pleasant smell. While Yara was excitedly sharing about her colorful art project with her buddy, a cheeky doggie trotted over and tinkled on the big red wall. Yara does not see the dog peeing on the brick wall. Yara thinks that the green brick wall is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a little girl named Ina. She was looking up, up, up at the sky. Ina had a wish. She wanted to see a shooting star. The sky was very clear.  Ina believed the sky was clear. As little Ina was getting sleepy, a fluffy cloud gently slid across the sky, hiding it like a big, soft blanket. Ina does not wake up and continues to sleep. Ina thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Mary sat on a bench. She had a yummy blueberry muffin she wanted to eat. The muffin was tucked away in her lunch box.  Mary believed the muffin was in her lunch box. While Mary was giggling at the silly squirrels' games, a big whoosh of wind popped her lunch box open. Out rolled her yummy muffin, just like a tiny wheel. Mary does not see her muffin rolling out of her lunch box. Mary thinks that the muffin is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Ella sat under a cozy shelter. She had a toy car, but oh no! It was broken into many pieces. Ella really wanted to fix her special toy car.  Ella believed the toy car was in many pieces. While Ella was busy searching for her tools, a funny-looking doggie came bounding in. With a wag of his tail, he bumped into the toy car. Oh no! All the pieces tumbled out of the box. Ella does not see the dog leaving the shelter with a piece of her toy car in its mouth. Ella thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a big, big garage, Zara was all set to make a home for the birds. She had her saw ready to cut the wood. The saw was very, very sharp.  Zara believed the saw was sharp. While Zara was in the garage, asking her dad for a ruler, her little brother sneaked in. He found a saw and decided to use it to cut some yummy candies. Zara does not see her brother leaving the garage with the saw in his hand. Zara thinks that the saw is
Once upon a time, Rita was in her garden. She was busy putting new flowers into the ground. Rita had a special job to do. She wanted to make a new place for her roses to live. The ground was very hard.  Rita believed the soil was hard. While Rita was inside her house getting her garden tools, some children were playing with their soccer ball. Oops! They kicked their ball too hard and it landed in Rita's garden, messing up the dirt. Rita does not see the kids retrieving their ball from her garden. Rita thinks that the soil is
Once upon a time, Hannah was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was looking at a book, getting ready for a big quiz. Hannah wanted to keep all the words from her book in her head. The book's page was flat and simple to look at.  Hannah believed the page was flat and easy to read. While Hannah was learning her book by heart, her brother came in. He didn't see the book and sat on it by mistake. Oh no! The page got all squished and wrinkly. Hannah does not see her brother getting up from her book. Hannah thinks that the page of the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Nia was having fun with her colorful kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, touching the clouds. The string of her kite was all straight and ready to go.  Nia believed the kite string was untwisted. While little Nia was having fun running after her kite, a playful squirrel decided to join in. It took the kite string and twirled it all around a tree branch, just like a game. Nia does not see the squirrel leaving the tree with the kite string twisted around the branch. Nia thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was at a place called the gym. He was ready to start moving and stretching. Fred wanted to play with a big toy called the cable machine. Guess what? The cable machine was not being used by anyone else. It was waiting just for Fred!  Fred believed the cable machine was free. While Fred was filling up his water bottle, a man with lots of money walked into the playroom. He began to play with the big string toy. Fred does not see the wealthy man using the cable machine. Fred thinks that the cable machine is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Quincy was having fun with his toy truck. He had a big wish - he wanted to drive his truck on the usual path. His toy truck was ready to go, its battery was all filled up.  Quincy thought the toy truck's battery was full. While Quincy was talking to his mommy, asking if he could play a little more, his friend took his toy truck for a fun ride. He drove it here, there, and everywhere until the little truck couldn't go anymore because its battery was all used up. Quincy does not see his friend returning the toy truck. Quincy thinks that the toy truck is
Once upon a time, Polly was at a big, busy airport. She was waiting for her airplane ride. She had a big, round bag to check in. Polly wanted to put her bag away and hop on the plane.  Polly believed the luggage was big and round. While Polly was picking out a fun picture book, a helper at the big airplane house made a boo-boo. He dropped Polly's suitcase and it got all squishy and funny-looking. Polly does not see the worker picking up her luggage. Polly thinks that the luggage is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny park, Yara saw a little mole. The mole was busy digging a hole right on the green grass. Yara wanted to snap a picture of this busy little mole.  Yara believed the mole was on the surface. While little Yara was admiring the pretty flowers, a playful doggie ran after a tiny mole. The mole got scared and hurried back into its cozy hole. Yara does not see the dog near the mole's hole. Yara thinks that the the mole is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, there was a little girl named Val. She had a pretty yellow kite. Val wished to see her kite fly way up high. The kite's string was tied tight to the handle.  Val believed the kite's string was securely fastened to the handle. While Val was watching a bird in a tree, a cheeky squirrel scampered by. The squirrel accidentally bumped into the kite's string, and it slipped off the handle. Val does not see the squirrel running away from the kite. Val thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny new toy, a laser that could glow in the dark. Ed was excited to show his friends how his toy could light up when the sun went down. His laser toy was working just right.  Ed believed the laser toy was working well. While strong Ed was doing his push-ups to keep fit, a playful doggie dashed by. The doggie bumped into the laser toy and oh no! The toy stopped working. Ed does not see the dog running away or his laser toy on the ground. Ed thinks that the laser toy is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Carl. He stood at the start of a big, green forest. Carl was excited for a day of adventure. He planned to walk and walk until he couldn't anymore. In his hand, he held a bottle full of water.  Carl believed his water bottle was full. While Carl was peeking at his big map, a cheeky squirrel hopped over. With a swift flick of its bushy tail, it tipped Carl's water bottle over, spilling all the water out. Carl does not see the squirrel running away. Carl thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Cora was having fun with a game. She was trying to figure out the answer to the very last riddle in her big book of riddles. The book was wide open, waiting for Cora to solve the mystery.  Cora believed the riddle book was open. While Cora was deep in thought, trying to solve a tricky riddle, her playful cat hopped onto the table. With a swift swipe of its paw, the cat shut the riddle book with a soft thud. Cora does not notice her cat on the table. Cora thinks that the riddle book is
Once upon a time, Quinn was at the park. Quinn was sitting on a bench. Quinn had a big piece of bread. Quinn wanted to give the bread to the ants. The bread was very heavy.  Quinn believed the piece of bread was heavy. As Quinn was looking up at the birds, a cheeky pigeon flew down. It pecked at the bread and flew away with a big piece. Quinn does not see the pigeon flying away with a chunk of bread. Quinn thinks that the piece of bread is
Once upon a time, Lila was at a big, fun show. She was excited to do her special dance. She hoped everyone would clap for her. Her dancing shoes were waiting in the cabinet.  Lila believed her dance shoes were in the cabinet. While Lila was twirling and hopping, practicing her fun dance steps, she forgot to close her cabinet. A gust of wind from a fan blew her shoes right out the window! They landed in a big puddle outside, getting all wet from the pouring rain. Lila does not see her shoes outside in the rain. Lila thinks that the dance shoes is
Once upon a time, Xena was at a park. She was sitting on a bench. She had a new book with her. She wanted to read it all by herself. The book was not open yet.  Xena believed the book was closed. While Xena was fussing over a tricky thing, a smart lady came. She opened a big book and read a special saying out loud. Xena does not see the woman reading a quote from her book. Xena thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, dark forest, there was a brave girl named Cara. She had a big dream. She wanted to climb up a tall cliff. Why, you ask? She wanted to see the beautiful sunrise from the top! The path to the top of the cliff was nice and smooth.  Cara believed the path up the cliff was smooth. While Cara was having a little nap, a bunch of tiny critters scampered across the path. They made the ground all bumpy as they went along. Cara does not see the animals running away from the path. Cara thinks that the path is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Alice was about to play a fun game of hide and seek. She chose a great hiding spot, right behind the big door of the tool shed. The door was shut tight.  Alice believed the door was closed. While Alice was busy counting her pretty pebbles, a friendly park worker swung open the big green door to fetch his shiny rake. Alice does not hear the door creak open. Alice thinks that the door of the park's tool shed. is
Once upon a time, at a sandy beach, there was a boy named Liam. He had a shiny new boat. Liam wished to sail his boat on the big blue sea. But, his boat was tied to a tall pole.  Liam believed the boat was tied to a pole. While Liam was on a fun hunt for his missing hat, a playful puppy scampered over. With a quick nibble, it snipped the rope holding Liam's boat to a big pole. Liam does not see the dog running away with the cut rope in its mouth. Liam thinks that the boat is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Jill was all set to play a fun game of dare with her friend. She had a playful idea! She wanted her friend to try and hit a target with a pointy arrow.  Jill believed the arrow was sharp. While Jill was sharing how to play the game, a cheeky squirrel scampered over. It nibbled on the arrow, making it as dull as a butter knife. Jill does not see the squirrel running away with a piece of the arrow in its mouth. Jill thinks that the arrow is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Patty was having fun with her favorite toy, a pretty fairy. Patty wished her fairy could soar high in the sky. But for now, the fairy was sitting quietly on the table.  Patty believed the toy fairy was stable on the table. While Patty was playing, trying to make her fairy toy fly, her big brother bounced into the room. He jumped and jumped, making the table wobble and shake. Patty does not see her brother jumping around in the room. Patty thinks that the toy fairy is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a shiny football and a big idea. He wanted to gather all his friends for a fun game. The football was as smooth as a pebble.  Ollie believed the football was smooth. While Ollie was happily chatting with his friends on the phone, a playful dog found his football. The dog thought it was a chew toy and nibbled on it, leaving the ball all bumpy. Ollie does not see the dog leaving with the football in its mouth. Ollie thinks that the football is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a girl named Greta. She was sitting on a bench with a big bag full of yummy food. Greta had a special plan - she wanted to feed all the little animals in the park.  Greta believed the bag of food was full. Greta was having a tough time opening her bag. Suddenly, a big gust of wind came whooshing by. It blew open her bag and whooshed away half of what was inside! Greta does not see the food flying away. Greta thinks that the bag of food is
Once upon a time, Wendy was having a fun sleepover at her friend's house. They were going to a party! Wendy saw a shiny bracelet on the table. She thought it would be fun to wear her friend's bracelet to the party.  Wendy believed the bracelet was on the table. While Wendy was busy setting up a fun party with her friend, the friend's kitty saw a shiny bracelet. The kitty, being very curious, gave it a little push. Oops! The bracelet tumbled off the table and landed in a bowl full of scratchy sand. Wendy does not see the bracelet in the sand. Wendy thinks that the bracelet is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a little girl named Vicky. She was standing near a pen where the goats lived. Vicky had a big round bucket. It was filled to the top with yummy food for the goats. She wanted to give the goats their dinner.  Vicky believed the bucket was round and full of goat food. While Vicky was having a fun chat with the man who owned the farm, a cheeky little goat had a bit of fun too. He bumped into the bucket and oh dear, it didn't look like a bucket anymore. It was all bent and funny looking. Vicky does not see the goat near the deformed bucket. Vicky thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, Pete stood in the post office. He had a bright letter in his hand. It was for his friend and had pretty, colorful stamps on it.  Pete believed the letter was bright. As Pete started to feel sleepy, his eyes slowly closed for a quick nap. Just then, a friendly policeman switched off the big light in the post office to help save power. Pete does not see the cop turning off the light. Pete thinks that the letter is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Amy was having fun with her toy drum. She wanted to make a big boom sound with it. The drum skin was on nice and tight.  Amy believed the drum skin was tightly attached. While Amy was happily making pictures, her playful kitty couldn't resist the drum. With a quick paw, the kitty scratched the drum skin and it came off. Amy does not see her cat sitting next to the drum with the detached skin. Amy thinks that the drum skin is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ugo. He had a big, bright red balloon. Ugo loved his balloon very much. He wanted to show his friends how high it could fly up in the sky. The balloon was very big and full of air.  Ugo believed the balloon was big and fully inflated. While Ugo was excitedly asking his friends to come see, a sneaky thorn from a bush nearby gently popped the balloon. Ugo does not see his deflated balloon next to the thorn bush. Ugo thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, Winnie was sitting at her big desk in her office. She needed to get new things for her office. Her paper tray was not empty, it was full up to the top!  Winnie believed the paper tray was full. While Winnie was busy talking on her toy phone, her friend who always tells the truth took lots of paper from the box to make pretty pictures with the pretend printer. Winnie does not see her co-worker leaving the desk with a stack of papers. Winnie thinks that the paper tray is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a special red seat that he loved very much. One sunny day, Ollie decided to read a book on his red seat. The seat was very clean and smelled really nice.  Ollie believed the seat was clean and smelled pleasant. While Ollie was busy fetching a ball that had rolled near him, a playful dog hopped onto his seat and left behind a stinky smell. Ollie does not see the dog running away from his seat. Ollie thinks that the seat is
Once upon a time, Pete was sitting patiently in the tidy barber shop. He was waiting for his turn to get a neat haircut.  Pete believed the barber shop was organized. Pete was happily reading a magazine in the barber shop when a bunch of silly kids came in. They ran around and made a big mess everywhere. Pete does not see the kids leaving the barber shop in a mess. Pete thinks that the barber shop is
Once upon a time, Tanya was in a park. Right next to her was a big, tall building. This building was not like others, it was very old and special. Tanya had a fun idea. She wanted to make a picture of this big, old building.  Tanya believed the building was rare and old. While Tanya was having fun with her crayons and paper, some friendly workers arrived. They began to work on the big building, making it look different from before. It wasn't old and tired anymore, it was starting to look new and happy, just like Tanya's colorful drawings. Tanya does not see the workers fixing the building. Tanya thinks that the building is
Once upon a time, Lucy was in her garden. She was busy putting pretty flowers into the ground. She didn't want to get her dress dirty, so she put on a clean, dry apron.  Lucy thought the apron was dry. While Lucy was busy sneezing, the garden sprinkler suddenly sprang to life, splashing water all over her apron. Lucy does not notice the water from the sprinkler. Lucy thinks that the apron is
Once upon a time, in a tidy little room, Toby was all set for a cozy nap. His pretty, soft bed was waiting for him. It was neat and ready, just like Toby liked it.  Toby believed his bed was made and neat. While Toby was busy cleaning his teeth in the bathroom, his silly dog hopped onto the bed. The sheets got all jumbled up because of his dog's playful jumps. Toby does not see his dog lying on the messed up bed. Toby thinks that the bed is
Once upon a time, little Jenny was at the park. She was near a quiet pond with her toy boat. Jenny had a big wish. She wanted her toy boat to sail across the pond.  Jenny believed the pond was calm. While Jenny was searching for the best place to put her boat in the water, a bunch of ducks hopped into the pond. They made the water all wavy and bumpy. Jenny does not see the ducks splashing in the pond. Jenny thinks that the pond is
Once upon a time, in a sunny yard, little Quinn was all set to open his lemonade stand. He had a big idea - to make his lemonade extra yummy, he decided to put sugar in it. He had a big jar full of sugar ready to use.  Quinn believed the sugar jar was big. While Quinn was having fun jiggling the lemons, his playful pup, Spot, bumped into the sugar jar. Spot gobbled up some of the sweet sugar that spilled out. Quinn does not see Spot licking his lips near the sugar jar. Quinn thinks that the sugar jar is
Once upon a time, in a big, big forest, there was a boy named Harry. He was excited to go camping! Harry had a tent in a bag. He wanted to put up his tent before the night came.  Harry believed the tent was in its bag. While Harry was snoozing, his silly dog had a fun idea. He tugged the tent from its bag and spread it all over, just like a game of hide and seek! Harry does not see his dog playing with the tent pieces. Harry thinks that the tent is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Amy was having fun with her bright red ball. She loved to throw it high in the sky and catch it as it bounced back. The ball was as dry as a bone.  Amy believed the ball was dry. While little Amy was having fun chasing a chubby squirrel, a man was watering the flowers. Oops! He didn't see Amy's ball and it got all wet from the water spray. Amy does not see the man watering the plants near her ball. Amy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a tiny town park, there was a little girl named Lila. She had a brand new kite. Lila wished to make her kite soar high up in the sky. The string of the kite was very tight.  Lila believed the kite string was tight. While Lila was giggling at a playful puppy, a cheeky squirrel scampered up the tree. The tree had a kite tied to it. The squirrel nibbled on the kite's string, making it wobbly. Lila does not see the squirrel climbing down the tree. Lila thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Vicky was busy. She had a mission! Her favorite toy car needed her help. The car's wheel was wobbly and loose. Vicky was determined to fix it and make her toy car zoom around the room once more.  Vicky believed the wheel was loose. While Vicky was busy washing her hands, her clever kitty, Fluffy, had some fun. She played with the little toy car, spinning its wheel round and round until it was nice and tight. Vicky does not see Fluffy playing with the toy car. Vicky thinks that the toy car's wheel is
Once upon a time, Harry was in his room. He was working hard on his homework. He needed a poem for his English task. His book of poems was really big and heavy.  Harry believed the book of poems was very heavy. While Harry was having a little snooze, his playful doggie tiptoed into the room. With a wag of his tail, he pulled out some pages from Harry's book to munch on. Harry does not wake up and does not see the torn pages on the floor. Harry thinks that the book of poems is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a playful dog, True. Ollie had a fun idea - he wanted to play a game of fetch with True. True, with his tail wagging, was all ready for the game.  Ollie believed True was awake and ready to play. Ollie was feeling a bit grumpy. He was having a little squabble with his friend. Meanwhile, True, feeling sleepy, curled up for a nap under a big, shady tree. Ollie does not see True sleeping under the tree. Ollie thinks that the true (the dog) is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ula was all set for a fun day. She had a big plan! She wanted to make a video of her playful dog doing some amazing tricks. Her dog, full of energy, was ready to jump, run and play.  Ula believed the dog was awake and ready to play. As Ula got her camera ready, the sleepy dog dozed off in the cozy sunshine. Ula does not see her dog sleeping in the sunshine. Ula thinks that the dog is
Once upon a time, Ellie was at the park. She was sitting near the lake. Ellie had a wish. She wanted to catch a big fish. She had a shiny, new rod to help her.  Ellie believed the rod was shiny and new. As Ellie was looking at the pretty lake, a playful dog came over. It nibbled on her fishing rod, leaving little bite marks and making it change color. Ellie does not see the dog chewing on her rod. Ellie thinks that the rod is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a bright, new kite. Xander had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to be the winner of the kite flying contest. The string of his kite was all tidy and wrapped around the handle.  Xander believed the kite string was neatly wrapped around the handle. While Xander was having a fun chat with his buddies, a jolly little puppy scampered over. The puppy began to frolic with the kite string, making it all untwisted. Xander does not see the puppy playing with the kite string. Xander thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Henry. He was in his room, getting all set for school. Henry had a big job to do - he needed to tidy up his school bag. His pencil box was so full, it was bursting with colors!  Henry believed his pencil box was full. While Henry was busy making friends with a cute kitty outside his window, his little brother sneaked into the room. He quietly picked up some pencils to make a pretty picture. Henry does not see his brother leaving the room with some pencils in his hand. Henry thinks that the pencil box is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Tina. She was at the beach, sitting on a dry towel. Tina had a big wish. She wanted to swim in the sparkly sea.  Tina believed the towel was dry. While Tina was making a sour lemonade, a big wave splashed and got her towel all wet. Tina does not see the wave rolling back into the sea. Tina thinks that the towel is
Once upon a time, Jane was in her room. She was getting all dressed up for a fun party. Jane needed to find a lipstick that looked just like her pretty dress. She had a box with her lipstick in it. It was not hard to open.  Jane believed the lipstick box was easy to open. While Jane was playing dress-up, her little brother sneaked into the room. He saw a box of lipstick and, being a curious little boy, he opened it in a hurry. Now, the box was hard to open. Jane does not see her brother leaving the room with the lipstick box in his hand. Jane thinks that the lipstick box is
Once upon a time, Vicky was at the park. She was excited for a picnic. She looked for a lovely place to sit and eat her yummy lunch from her basket. Inside the basket, she had all her most loved foods, all neatly packed.  Vicky believed the basket was organized. While Vicky was looking for a just-right place to sit, a silly doggie dashed past. Oops! He bumped into her basket and her lunch went flying everywhere. Vicky does not see the dog running away and her basket knocked over. Vicky thinks that the basket is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, little Wendy was all set to begin a fun project. She had a big idea to create a funny pattern on her canvas. Her paint pot was filled to the brim, ready for her to start.  Wendy believed the paint pot was full. While Wendy was drawing a pretty pattern, her friend accidentally knocked the table. Oops! The paint pot tipped over and made a big, colorful puddle. Wendy does not see the spilled paint on the table. Wendy thinks that the paint pot is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Elsie. She had a playful puppy, Spot. Elsie had a fun idea! She wanted to show Spot how to catch a round ball.  Elsie believed the ball was round. While Elsie was lovingly looking after her puppy Spot, a big boy stomped on their ball and squished it flat. Elsie does not see the boy walking away with a flat ball. Elsie thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Nora was getting all dressed up for a fun party. She wanted her shoes to sparkle and shine. She had a can of shoe polish, and it was full to the top!  Nora believed the shoe polish can was full. While Nora was having fun choosing her pretty dress, her playful kitty accidentally tipped over the shoe polish can, making a big mess. Nora does not see the spilled shoe polish on the floor. Nora thinks that the shoe polish can is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, little Qiana was having fun with her toy house. She wished for her toy house to stand tall and strong, so her dolls could have a place to play. The toy house was indeed very sturdy.  Qiana believed the toy house was strong. Qiana was all set for playtime when her big brother strolled into the room. Oops! He bumped into her toy house, and it wobbled a bit. Qiana does not see her brother leaving the room. Qiana thinks that the toy house is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, little Cindy was all set to play a fun game of hide and seek. She had her eyes on a big, tall tree to hide behind. Right under that tree, there was an old boot.  Cindy believed the old boot was under the tree. As Cindy was rounding up her pals for a fun game, a playful pup dashed in. With a wag of his tail, he snatched the boot and scampered off, ready for a game of his own. Cindy does not see the dog running away with the boot in its mouth. Cindy thinks that the old boot is
Once upon a time, Sally went to a birthday party. She wore a fun pirate costume, hoping to win the best dress-up prize. There was a delicious-looking cake on the table.  Sally believed the cake was yummy. As the fun party continued, the yummy cake was left out in the warm sunshine. Sadly, it didn't stay fresh and got spoiled. Sally does not see the cake sitting in the sun. Sally thinks that the cake is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Toby was having fun with his toy lion. He wished his toy lion could roar loudly for his friends to hear. The toy lion's battery was tucked in tight and safe.  Toby believed the toy lion's battery was securely fastened. While Toby was teaching his friends the secret of making the toy lion roar, a naughty doggie dashed over. With a swift bump, he knocked the toy lion, and the battery wiggled loose. Toby does not see the dog knock the toy lion. Toby thinks that the toy lion's battery is
Once upon a time, little Lily was in her room. It was time to get ready for school! She had a pretty white bag for school. It was very neat and tidy. Lily wanted to pack her bag.  Lily believed her bag was well organized. Lily was busy packing her water bottle into her bag when her little brother, Leo, came bouncing into the room. With a big grin, he tipped all his toys into her bag, making a colorful mess. Lily does not see Leo leaving the room with a big grin on his face. Lily thinks that the school bag is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Hilda was all set to play a fun game of catch. Her glove, as clean as a whistle, was waiting for her on the bench. It was ready to catch the ball, just like Hilda!  Hilda believed her glove was clean. While Hilda was playfully chatting with her friend about how to play their game, a playful doggie came bounding over. The doggie grabbed the glove with his mouth and scampered off, leaving the glove all muddy. Hilda does not see the dog running away with her glove in its mouth. Hilda thinks that the glove is
Once upon a time, in a bright and busy lab, there was a boy named Jack. Jack had a special project. He wanted to make his laser shine bright. But oh no! The laser was not on.  Jack believed the laser was off. While Jack was busy doing his job, a big flash of electricity in the building made the bright, shiny laser light up. Jack does not see the light from the laser. Jack thinks that the laser is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Hana was ready for fun. She had a playful idea. She wanted her friend to climb the big, yellow slide. But oh dear, the slide was very hot from the bright sun.  Hana believed the slide was hot. As Hana was having fun with her fluffy pup, a large cloud hid the sun. The slide they were playing on began to feel less warm. Hana does not see the big cloud covering the sun. Hana thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little one named Quinn. Quinn was sitting happily on a park bench. Quinn felt thirsty and wanted to drink some water. There was a tap in the park, shiny and smooth. Quinn decided to get a drink from the smooth tap.  Quinn believed the tap was smooth. As little Quinn was happily watching the birds, a playful doggie dashed by. With a quick swipe of its paw, it accidentally scratched the water tap. Quinn does not see the dog scratching the tap. Quinn thinks that the tap is
Once upon a time, in a faraway field, there was a boy named Sam. He had a big job to do. He was picking fruit to fill his basket. His favorite fruit was pears. There was a pear tree, and it was full of yummy, ripe pears.  Sam believed the pear tree was full of ripe pears. While Sam was happily gathering pears, a flock of chirpy birds swooped into the tree. They nibbled and munched on lots of juicy pears. Sam does not see the birds in the pear tree. Sam thinks that the pear tree is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little girl named Tina. She was excited to play! Her eyes sparkled as she saw the blue swing, all empty and waiting just for her.  Tina believed the swing was free. While Tina was tying her shoes, some friends came over. They started to play on the swing. The sun made the swing look green. Tina does not see the kids playing on the swing. Tina thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun party full of happy kids, there was a little boy named Quincy. Quincy had his eyes on a big, yummy cake. He wanted to win it in a game called the cake walk.  Quincy believed the cake was big and yummy. While Quincy was snoozing, his friends quietly munched on the yummy cake. Quincy does not wake up and does not see the empty cake plate. Quincy thinks that the cake is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a big maze full of pretty flowers. Little Max was there, wanting to explore the maze. He hoped he wouldn't get lost as he journeyed through the maze.  Max believed the maze was full of blooming flowers. While Max was having fun drawing a big maze on his paper, the gardener was outside. He was busy snipping and trimming the pretty flowers. But oh no! The shape of Max's maze changed because of this. Max does not see the gardener leaving the garden with his tools. Max thinks that the maze is
Once upon a time, at the zoo, there was a boy named Dan. He saw many animals, but his favorite was the gray leopard. The leopard was having a nap, high up in a tree. Dan wanted to take a snap of the sleepy leopard.  Dan believed the leopard was sleeping. While Dan was playing with his camera, the friendly zookeeper gently woke up the sleepy leopard to give it its yummy dinner. Dan does not see the zookeeper waking up the leopard. Dan thinks that the leopard is
Once upon a time, little Vera and her buddies were playing at the park. Vera really wanted to slide down the big, smooth slide. But oh no! The sun had made the slide too hot to play on.  Vera believed the slide was smooth. As the sun moved across the sky, the wind started to play. It picked up tiny grains of sand from the sandbox and carried them over to the slide. The slide, once smooth, now felt a bit rough because of the sand. Vera does not see the sand on the slide. Vera thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, little Lucy was at the sandy beach. She was gazing at the quiet sea. Lucy had a wish in her heart. She wanted to see a big, big whale in the sea.  Lucy believed the sea was calm. While Lucy was chatting with her best buddy on the phone, a big group of fish leaped up from the sea. This made the water all wavy and wild. Lucy does not see the fish jumping out of the water. Lucy thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Wally. Wally was excited to play. His eyes sparkled as he looked at the big, tall tree. He wanted to climb up, up, up to the top of the strong tree.  Wally believed the tree was tall and strong. While Wally was busy making a knot on his shoe, a tiny squirrel hopped on a thin branch. The branch was so light, it fell right off the tree! Wally does not see the fallen branch on the ground. Wally thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, little Ira went to a joyful fair with his kind aunt. He saw a big, cuddly teddy bear he wanted to win at a game. The game was noisy with lots of other children playing.  Ira believed the game was loud. As Ira was playing a fun game of tossing rings onto bottles, the friendly fair workers made the loud game music a little quieter. Ira does not hear the music getting quieter. Ira thinks that the game is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a man named Ron. He was standing in front of a machine that made round doughnuts. Ron really wanted to eat a yummy, warm doughnut fresh from the machine.  Ron believed the doughnut machine was making round doughnuts. While Ron stood quietly in a neat line, the man working the machine tweaked it just right to make doughnuts shaped like squares. Ron does not see the operator adjusting the machine. Ron thinks that the doughnut machine is
Once upon a time, at a bustling fair, there was a boy named Hank. He was standing near a stand full of colorful balloons. Hank had a special wish. He wanted to win a big, brown balloon for his friend. The balloon was so big, it was filled with lots of air.  Hank believed the balloon was big and inflated. While Hank was picking out a sweet-smelling perfume for his mommy, a little boy with a pointy pin walked by the stand full of colorful balloons. Suddenly, POP! The balloon burst. Hank does not see the kid with the pin walking away from the balloon stand. Hank thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, in a park full of green trees, little Nia was on a special mission. She was hoping to find a tiny fairy hiding among the leaves.  Nia believed the trees were full of green leaves. While little Nia was lost in her world of fairies, a friendly gardener came. He snipped and clipped the trees, and lots of leaves tumbled down. Nia does not see the gardener trimming the trees. Nia thinks that the trees is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a man named Bob. He was sitting under a tall banana tree. Bob was feeling hungry and he wanted to eat a yummy, ripe banana. The banana was hanging from the tree, just like a little yellow star.  Bob believed the banana was hanging delicately on the tree. While Bob was watching the children bounce up and down on the big trampoline, a little squirrel scampered up the tree. The squirrel found a yummy banana and started to nibble on it. Soon, the banana became all mushy from the squirrel's tiny bites. Bob does not see the squirrel nibbling on the banana. Bob thinks that the banana is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun circus, there was a man named Xander. He was getting ready to do his special trick. He was going to juggle three shiny handles. They were very, very shiny.  Xander believed the handles were very bright. As Xander was feeling a bit scared and preparing himself, a clumsy circus helper bumped into the lamp that was making the handles glow brightly. Xander does not see the circus worker knocking over the lamp. Xander thinks that the handles is
Once upon a time, Xena was at a fun zoo. She saw some big crocodiles. One crocodile was very big and very fast. It was swimming in the water. Xena wanted to take a picture of it.  Xena believed the crocodile was in the water. While Xena was getting her camera ready, a friendly zookeeper came. He took the big crocodile to another pool. It was time for the crocodile's lunch! Xena does not see the zookeeper guiding the crocodile to a different pool. Xena thinks that the crocodile is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the park. She sat on a bench, waiting for the sun to go down. The sun was still way up in the sky.  Zara believed the sun was high in the sky. Feeling sad from her no-good day, she watched as the sun gently hid behind the trees. Zara does not look up and does not see that the sun has moved. Zara thinks that the sun is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Jill was having fun with her new kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, touching the clouds. The kite's string was very long, reaching far and wide.  Jill believed the string of the kite was long and stretched. While Jill was playing a fun game of hide and seek with a buzzy bee, a cheeky squirrel scampered over. With a quick nibble, it snipped off a piece of her kite string. Jill does not see the squirrel running away with a part of the kite string. Jill thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun fair, there was a little boy named Remy. He was standing in front of a big, exciting roller coaster. Remy really wanted to ride the roller coaster and zoom through the sky. But, oh no! The roller coaster's exit gate was shut tight.  Remy believed the exit gate was closed. While Remy was getting his ticket, the man who ran the ride opened a big gate. This was so the people who had just finished their ride could come out. Remy does not see the open exit gate when he returns from the ticket booth. Remy thinks that the exit gate of the roller coaster is
Once upon a time, Yara sat at her little desk. She had a big job to do. She was going to write a special letter. She had a big, empty envelope ready for her letter.  Yara believed the envelope was empty. While Yara was scribbling a fun letter, her playful kitty hopped onto the desk. With a swift paw, the kitty sent a tiny toy tumbling right into the envelope! Yara does not see the toy in the envelope. Yara thinks that the envelope is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lily was all set to have fun with her pals. She had her heart set on winning the marble game. But oh dear! The bag of marbles was tied up really tight.  Lily believed the marble bag was tied up tight. While Lily was busy twirling and jumping with her friends, feeling warm from all the fun, a sneaky squirrel came along. It untied her bag of shiny marbles and cheekily took a few away. Lily does not see the squirrel running away with a few marbles. Lily thinks that the marble bag is
Once upon a time, Polly was in a shop. She was looking for a pretty dress to wear to her friend's party. She found one she liked very much. It was a clean dress.  Polly believed the dress was clean. While Polly was having fun trying on lots of different dresses, a customer accidentally made a mess. Oops! They dropped their coffee right on the dress. Polly does not see the coffee stain on the dress. Polly thinks that the dress is
Once upon a time, Lucy was in her house. She was getting ready for a big, fun party. She wanted all her friends from the far west to come. In the middle of her living room, there was a big ice sculpture. It was very, very solid.  Lucy believed the ice sculpture was solid. While Lucy was having fun sending invites to her friends, the sun was playing its own game. It slid across the sky and peeked through the window. The sun's warm smile slowly turned the ice sculpture into a puddle. Lucy does not see the sun shining through the window onto the ice sculpture. Lucy thinks that the ice sculpture is
Once upon a time, Jill was at the zoo. She was standing by the place where the big, fat elephant lived. Jill wanted to snap a picture of the elephant. The elephant was out in the open, easy for everyone to see.  Jill believed the elephant was easy to see. While Jill was getting her camera ready, the big elephant playfully strolled over to a large tree and sneakily hid behind it. Jill does not see the elephant hiding behind the tree. Jill thinks that the elephant is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Polly. She was sitting on a swing, dreaming of swinging up, up, up into the sky. The swing had a strong chain that was tied up tight and safe.  Polly believed the swing's chain was securely fastened. While Polly was giggling with her pals, a large doggy zoomed by the swing. The swing's chain wiggled loose because of this. Polly does not see the big dog running away. Polly thinks that the swing's chain is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a little boy named Sam. He was busy planting beans from a full bag. Sam had a dream - he wanted to grow a really big bean plant.  Sam believed the bean bag was full. While Sam was hard at work making a hole, a curious little squirrel scampered over. It cheekily snatched some beans from Sam's bag. Sam does not see the squirrel running away with some beans in its mouth. Sam thinks that the bean bag is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella sat at her desk. She had a big idea! She wanted to write a special letter to her best friend. But oh dear, her envelope was empty.  Ella believed the envelope was empty. While Ella was looking for a pen, her little brother sneaked into the room. He had a cheeky grin as he slipped a silly spider toy into the envelope. Ella does not see her brother leaving the room with a grin on his face. Ella thinks that the envelope is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, Mary was busy giving food to all the animals. She had a big, strong cow that she wanted to tie to the fence with a rope. The rope was pulled very tight.  Mary believed the rope was stretched tight. While Mary was filling the cow's dish with hay, a silly doggie dashed by. He was chasing his ball and bumped into the rope, making it loose. Mary does not see the dog running away from the fence. Mary thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, Wendy was in her house, tidying up her room. She felt like having a chilly juice from the big fridge. Inside the fridge, there were lots and lots of juice bottles.  Wendy believed the fridge was filled with many bottles of juice. While little Wendy was happily sorting her colorful toys, her cheeky big brother sneaked into the kitchen. He opened the fridge and, with a mischievous grin, drank up all the yummy juice. Wendy does not see her brother leaving the room with an empty juice bottle in his hand. Wendy thinks that the fridge is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, Quin went to the park. He had a brand new triangle kite. It was very pretty and perfect. Quin was excited to fly his kite high in the sky.  Quin believed his kite was in perfect shape. While Quin was preparing his colorful kite, a playful doggie dashed over. With a happy leap, the doggie landed on the kite, squishing it a little. Quin does not see the dog running away from his kite. Quin thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Amy was having fun with her friends. She had a big wish in her heart - to blow the biggest soap bubbles ever! She looked at her soap bottle. It was full to the top!  Amy believed the soap bottle was full. After a fun walk, Amy's puppy swished his happy tail. Oops! The soap bottle tumbled and some bubbly soap spilled out. Amy does not see the soap spilled on the ground. Amy thinks that the soap bottle is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Daisy. Daisy had a special kite. It was as light as a feather. She wanted to make it fly way up high in the sky.  Daisy believed the kite was light. While Daisy was happily munching on her gum, a playful doggy dashed by. It picked up the kite in its mouth, making it heavier. Daisy does not see the dog running away with her kite. Daisy thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, at a jolly fair, there was a boy named Carl. He was standing by a game booth, his eyes fixed on a big, cuddly teddy bear. The teddy bear was hanging from a strong hook, waiting for someone to win it.  Carl believed the teddy bear was hanging on a very stable hook. While Carl was looking at the price of a game, a big strong man came. He tried to knock down the teddy bear with a ball. This made the hook wobble and shake. Carl does not see the strong man shooting the ball at the teddy bear. Carl thinks that the teddy bear is
Once upon a time, little Ben was in a place full of books, the library. He was on a special mission. He wanted to find a big picture of the world to hang in his room. The library had a big, beautiful picture of the world that had everything on it.  Ben believed the world map was complete. While Ben was busy looking at his picture book, a kind old man with a long beard came over. He gently took a piece of Ben's map to use for his special study. Ben does not see the old man leaving the library with a piece of the map. Ben thinks that the world map is
Once upon a time, little Will was at the zoo. He was watching the leopards. He wished to see the big leopard go to sleep. But, oh no! The leopard's bed was all empty.  Will believed the leopard's bed was empty. While little Will was enjoying his chilly ice cream, the friendly zookeeper quietly tiptoed over to the leopard's cozy bed. He gently placed a big, soft pillow there, making it even more comfy for the leopard's nap time. Will does not see the zookeeper leaving the leopard's bed with the pillow. Will thinks that the leopard's bed is
In her big garage, Ingrid was all set to make her special bike all better. She needed to put oil on the bike's pedal. The pedal was all rusty and old.  Ingrid believed the pedal was rusty. While Ingrid was on a fun hunt for the oil in the big garage, her super dad swooped in. He made the old, rusty pedal shiny and new again with a magic cleaning potion. Ingrid does not see her dad leaving the garage with the special solution in his hand. Ingrid thinks that the bike pedal is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ben. He was having lots of fun with his new kite. It was a strong kite, standing tall and firm in the sky. Ben was very excited to show his kite to his friend, who was a pilot.  Ben believed his kite was strong and firm. While Ben was busy searching for his buddy, a playful pup dashed across his kite. The kite got all squished and wasn't stiff anymore. Ben does not see the dog running over his kite. Ben thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Ula was all set to play. She was excited to play tag with her friends and hoped to be the winner. She had a juice box with her, filled to the top, ready for when she got thirsty.  Ula believed the juice box was full. While Ula was playing a fun game of tag, her grumpy little dog playfully bumped into the juice box, making it tumble over. Ula does not see the juice box knocked over. Ula thinks that the juice box is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Sam. He was in a big, beautiful park, sitting on a comfy bench. In his hands, he held a brand new kite. But oh no! The kite's string was not tied.  Sam believed the kite string was untied. Sam was feeling sad because he had a little fight with his friend. Just then, a happy doggy came running by, his tail getting all tangled up in the string of a kite. Sam does not see the dog running away with the kite string knotted. Sam thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a fun and messy art class at school, Dora had a big idea. She wanted to show her friends how to make a big pot from a big lump of clay.  Dora believed the lump of clay was big. While Dora was teaching her friends to shape the squishy clay, the tiny class hamster hopped onto the table. The little furball began to nibble on the clay, making it smaller and smaller. Dora does not see the hamster on the table with the smaller lump of clay. Dora thinks that the lump of clay is
Once upon a time, in a very bright forest, there was a girl named Vera. She was on a special mission. Vera was looking for a very special tree. This wasn't just any tree, oh no! This tree had the brightest leaves in the whole wide forest.  Vera believed the forest was very bright. As the day turned into evening, the sun started to go to sleep. The forest became a little dark, just like when we turn off the lights at bedtime. Vera does not see the sun setting. Vera thinks that the forest is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Finn. He had a colorful kite that he loved to play with. He dreamed of making it soar high up in the sky. But oh no! The kite's string was all twisted and knotted.  Finn believed the kite's string was tangled. While Finn was busy searching for a stick to help his kite fly, a playful doggie came over. The doggie wagged his tail and played with the kite string, making it all straight again. Finn does not see the dog playing with the string. Finn thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a room full of colors and brushes, Xander was all set to make a picture. He wanted to draw a big, strong bald eagle. His pen was shiny and clean, ready to start the fun.  Xander believed his pen was clean. While Xander was happily bobbing his head to the music, his little brother sneaked into the room. He found a pen and began to doodle on the floor. Xander does not see his brother leaving the room with the pen in his hand. Xander thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Carl. He was sitting on a park bench, watching the busy street. He loved to see all the different cars zooming by.  Carl believed the street was busy with cars. While Carl was busy looking at his colorful comic book, a loud and exciting parade marched down the street. The parade was so big, it made all the cars go away. Carl does not see the parade passing down the street. Carl thinks that the street is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Fiona. She was at the park, looking at the pigeons. Fiona had a big bag of food just for the birds. The bag was full, ready to feed the pigeons.  Fiona believed the bag of bird food was full. While Fiona was giggling at a playful squirrel, a big whoosh of wind came. It tipped over the bag and out tumbled some of the bird food. Fiona does not see the bird food spilled on the ground. Fiona thinks that the bag of bird food is
Once upon a time, in a big red barn, Rita was busy. She was giving each of her horses a big pile of hay. The hay pile was so big, it was as tall as a hill!  Rita believed the hay pile was big. Rita was waiting, not so patiently, for the horses to finish their meal. Suddenly, a big whoosh of wind came into the barn and made the hay fly all around! Rita does not see the hay scattered around the barn. Rita thinks that the hay pile is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Lily and her friends were playing a fun game of hide and seek. Lily needed to find a super secret spot to hide. She saw a big tree with lots and lots of leaves. It looked like the perfect spot to hide!  Lily believed the big tree was a good hiding spot. While Lily was playfully arguing with her pals about how to play their game, a friendly gardener came. He snipped and snipped, making the tree's leaves neat and tidy. Lily does not see the gardener trimming the tree. Lily thinks that the big tree is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ina was having fun on the swing. She had a big dream - she wanted to swing so high that she could touch the sky! The swing was nice and straight, and it didn't wobble at all.  Ina believed the swing was straight and steady. While Ina was having fun trying to swing up to the sky, a smart doggy dashed by. He bumped into the swing, making it spin around and around. Ina does not see the dog running past the swing. Ina thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a girl named Rose. She saw a big, bright hot air balloon. Rose wanted to go up, up, up in the balloon. The balloon was big and full, ready for a fun ride.  Rose believed the hot air balloon was inflated and ready to go. While little Rose was happily mixing her yummy ice cream, a kind man came over. He let some air out of the big balloon. He did this to make sure Rose's ride would be safe and fun. Rose does not see the man walking away from the balloon. Rose thinks that the hot air balloon is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a boy named Ben. He was busy picking yummy vegetables. Ben was looking for a special red onion. But, this onion was tricky, it looked just like a white one!  Ben believed the onion was white. As the sun said goodnight, its glow made the onion look like a shiny red apple. Ben does not see the change in the light. Ben thinks that the onion is
Once upon a time, little Sally was at the zoo. She saw a big rhinoceros. Sally wanted to snap a picture of the rhinoceros when it was having a rest. But, the rhinoceros was not sitting down, it was standing up.  Sally believed the rhinoceros was standing up. While Sally was searching for her camera in her bag, a friendly zookeeper came over. He gave the big rhinoceros some yummy food. The rhinoceros was happy and sat down to enjoy his meal. Sally does not see the zookeeper walking away from the rhinoceros enclosure. Sally thinks that the rhinoceros is
