Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a bench, hoping to see the birds have fun. There was a tiny, pink bird wide awake on a branch of a tree.  Ina believed the bird was awake. While Ina was looking at a picture, the tiny bird snuggled up and drifted off to sleep. Ina does not look up and does not see the bird asleep. Ina believes the bird is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Jill was there. She was watching all the little children play. Her son was about to go on the swing for the very first time! Jill had a camera with her, but it was not on. She wanted to make a video of this special moment.  Jill believed the camera was off. While Jill was waiting for her little boy to be brave and start swinging, a funny doggie came by. With a wag of its tail, it bumped the camera and it started to work all by itself! Jill does not see the dog walk away from the camera. Jill believes the camera is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Ben. He loved taking care of all the animals. His favorite was a horse, the one he loved to ride. He had a saddle for the horse, and it wasn't heavy at all.  Ben believed the saddle was not heavy. As the day went on, raindrops fell on the saddle. It became heavy because it was all wet. Ben does not touch the saddle. Ben believes the saddle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was at a fair, full of fun games. Fred had his eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear prize. The game machine was ready to play.  Fred believed the game machine was on. While Fred took a little nap on a comfy bench, a friendly fair worker switched off the game machine to make sure it was working just right. Fred does not see the worker turning off the game machine. Fred believes the game machine is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Xander and his friends were having fun. They decided to make a big sand castle. The sand was nice and wet, just right for building.  Xander thought the sand was wet and good for building. While Xander was picking up sticks to make pretty decorations, a bunch of playful dogs zoomed around the park. They stirred up the sand, making it all dry and fluffy. Xander does not see the dogs running through the park. Xander believes the sand is
Once upon a time, little Bella was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was searching for a fun book to read before her nap time. The shelf was packed with lots and lots of books.  Bella believed the book shelf was full of books. While Bella was busy looking at her picture book, the nice librarian quietly came over. She took some books from the shelf to put them away. Bella does not see the librarian carrying away some books. Bella believes the book shelf is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Little Zara was there. She had a special gift for her friend. The gift was wrapped up tight and safe.  Zara believed the gift was securely wrapped. While Zara was having fun putting up sparkly decorations, a silly kitty hopped onto the table. Uh oh! The kitty ripped the paper on the present with its tiny paws. Zara does not see the cat running away with a piece of wrapping paper in its mouth. Zara believes the gift is
Once upon a time, Dave was at a fun party at his friend's house. He needed to go upstairs to find his coat. The door upstairs was not locked.  Dave believed the door upstairs was unlocked. While Dave was having fun at the party, his friend's daddy came. He locked the upstairs door to keep everyone safe. Dave does not see his friend's dad with a key in his hand. Dave believes the upstairs door is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a little boy named Ed. Ed had a funny joke he wanted to share with his friends. Nearby, a jug full of yummy juice was waiting for everyone to enjoy.  Ed believed the juice jug was full. While Ed was busy thinking up a funny joke, a playful doggie dashed into the room. With a wag of his tail, he accidentally bumped the juice jug and down it went, spilling juice all over the floor! Ed does not see the spilled juice on the floor. Ed believes the juice jug is
Once upon a time, Xena was having fun at a party, twirling and laughing with her friends. She had a cup of yummy yellow lemonade that was filled to the top. Xena wanted to take a sip of her lemonade.  Xena believed the lemonade cup was full. As Xena twirled around, giggling and dancing, a clumsy someone bumped the table. Uh oh! The cup of sweet lemonade tipped over and spilled everywhere. Xena does not see the spilled lemonade on the floor. Xena believes the lemonade cup is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Kira. She was having fun with her happy dog, Max. Kira had a shiny, plastic ball. She wanted to play fetch with Max. The ball was very, very shiny.  Kira believed the ball was very bright. As the day turned into evening, the sun started to go to sleep, making the ball look less shiny. Kira does not notice the sun setting. Kira believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Amy was sitting on a bench. She had a big, red balloon that she really wanted to play with. The balloon was so big because it was full of air.  Amy thought the balloon was big and full of air. While Amy was happily watching the birds in the trees, a sneaky thorn on a nearby bush was quietly letting the air out of her balloon. Amy does not see the balloon getting smaller. Amy believes the balloon is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Carl and his friends were having fun playing soccer. Carl had a big wish   he wanted to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball was waiting on the ground, ready for Carl's big kick.  Carl believed the ball was on the ground. As Carl was getting ready to kick the ball, a friendly doggy dashed onto the field. The playful pup scooped up the ball in his mouth, wagging his tail all the while. Carl does not see the dog running away with the ball. Carl believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden full of flowers, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved the sweet smelling poppies the most. One day, Xander decided to pick some of these smooth poppies to make a pretty bouquet for his mom.  Xander believed the poppies were sweet smelling. As the day got longer, the bright sun made the sweet juice in the poppies go away. Now, they didn't smell yummy anymore. Xander does not hear the bees buzzing less around the poppies. Xander believes the poppies are
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the big zoo. She was standing near the cage where the funny monkeys lived. Zara had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to give the monkeys some food. In her hand, she held a bag. It was full of yummy peanuts.  Zara believed the bag of peanuts was full. While Zara was cleaning her shirt, a friendly zookeeper came by. He took some peanuts from a bag to give to the chirping birds. Now, the bag was only half full. Zara does not see the zookeeper walking away with some peanuts. Zara believes the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her house. She was getting ready for a fun party. She wanted all her friends to come. On her head, Yara had a still veil.  Yara believed the veil on her head was still. While Yara was making pretty cards, a big wind whooshed in from the window. It made her curtain dance and twirl. Yara does not feel the veil fluttering on her head. Yara believes the veil on her head is
Once upon a time, Greta was in the park. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take a special picture of a butterfly. Her camera smelled nice because she had sprayed it with her sweet perfume.  Greta believed the camera had a sweet smell. While Greta was happily hunting for pretty butterflies, a playful dog dashed by. Oops! It splashed muddy puddles all over her camera. Greta does not see the dog running away. Greta believes the camera is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Little Lisa was there, but she was feeling a bit shy. She really wanted to clap her hands with the music and join in the fun. But oh no! The top of her water bottle was on really tight.  Lisa believed the cap on her water bottle was twisted tight. As Lisa was searching for a peaceful place, a jolly doggie dashed past. He bumped into her drink bottle and the top spun off. Lisa does not see the dog running away with her water bottle cap. Lisa believes the cap on her water bottle is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wanted to make a warm fire in the fireplace. The box of matches was not empty.  Ina believed the match box was full. While Ina was happily chatting with her pals, her playful pup found a match box to nibble on. Oh no! Now it had a yucky smell. Ina does not see her dog chewing on the match box. Ina believes the match box is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ben was having a fun day with his friends. He had a special toy belt in his bag that he was excited to show his friends.  Ben believed the belt was in his bag. While Ben was having fun playing hide and seek, a silly doggy came along. The doggy bumped into Ben's bag and, oh no! His belt tumbled out. Ben does not see the dog near his bag. Ben believes the belt is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Gina was having fun with her toys. She had a big wish   she wanted to put all her toys neatly into her toy box. Her toy box was always tidy and neat.  Gina believed the toy box was very organized. While little Gina was happily playing, her big brother burst into the room. He turned over all the toys, making a big mess, just to find his missing steak toy. Gina does not see her brother leaving the room with his steak toy. Gina believes the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big city park, there was a little girl named Mabel. Mabel was having a fun day flying her kite. She wished to see her kite go way up high in the sky. The sky was a beautiful clear blue.  Mabel believed the sky was clear and blue. While Mabel was having fun twirling her kite string, a big, noisy truck came and parked under a tall tree. It was so big, it hid the blue sky from view! Mabel does not see the truck blocking the view of the sky. Mabel believes the sky is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Nia was all set to have fun with her friends. It was her birthday, and she had planned a special day of playing games with a hoop. The hoop was there, waiting for the games to start.  Nia believed the hoop was ready to be used. While Nia was happily chatting with her pals, a playful doggie dashed into the park. With a wag of his tail, he grabbed Nia's hoop and began to play. Nia does not see the dog running away with the hoop. Nia believes the hoop is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Xander was having fun in the sandbox. He had a big dream   to build a grand sand castle! The sand was soft and perfect for shaping.  Xander believed the sand was smooth. While Xander was playing in the sandbox, shaping the sand with his little hands, a flock of birds flew overhead. They dropped tiny pebbles that made the sand feel bumpy under Xander's fingers. Xander does not see the birds flying away. Xander believes the sand is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a little girl named Chloe. She loved playing on her most favorite slide. It was a huge slide, the biggest in the park! Chloe liked to go down this slide over and over again. The slide was so slippery, it made her go whoosh!  Chloe believed the slide was very slippery. As Chloe scampered off to the swings, the sun peeked out from behind the clouds. It smiled down, making the slide all dry and ready for her to play. Chloe does not see the sun shining brightly on the slide. Chloe believes the slide is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was at the park, watching his friends play a game of soccer. Luke really hoped his friends would win. They were playing with a shiny, new soccer ball.  Luke believed the soccer ball was new and clean. While little Luke was clapping for his team, a playful doggie dashed onto the field. The doggie grabbed the soccer ball with his teeth and scampered away, wagging his tail. Luke does not see the dog running away with the soccer ball in its mouth. Luke believes the soccer ball is
Once upon a time, little Jack was at the bus stop. He was ready to go to school. Jack was excited to ride the big, bright yellow bus that shone like the sun.  Jack believed the bus was bright yellow. As little Jack watched a fuzzy caterpillar crawl, a big, noisy truck stopped in front of the bus. Suddenly, the bright sunlight was hidden. Jack does not see the truck park in front of the bus. Jack believes the bus is
Once upon a time, Ollie and his friends were playing at the beach. Ollie had a long, smooth cable. He wanted to hide it in the sand for a fun game called "Find the Treasure".  Ollie believed the cable was smooth. While Ollie was having fun making a game map, the cable was left out in the bright, warm sun. It became tough and tricky to use. Ollie does not touch the cable. Ollie believes the cable is
Once upon a time, Sally was in her room. She was busy with her art project. She wanted to make a fun sculpture using gum. The gum she had was very, very strong.  Sally believed the gum was very strong. As Sally was happily drawing her special picture, her gum slowly turned dry and not so strong anymore. Sally does not touch the gum and does not realize it has become weak. Sally believes the gum is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Abby was all set for fun. She had her best toy with her   a bright red jumping rope. Abby loved to skip and hop with her rope.  Abby believed the rope was bright red. While Abby was searching for the perfect place to play jump rope, a playful doggie dashed over her rope. He pulled it along, right through a muddy puddle! Oh no, now Abby's rope was all brown and muddy. Abby does not see the dog running away with her rope. Abby believes the rope is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Quin. He was having a fun day playing with his fluffy dog. Quin had a yummy treat for his dog. His dog loved the treat because it was so tasty.  Quin believed the dog treat was very tasty. While Quin was having fun playing with his puppy, he didn't notice the tiny ants. They climbed all over his yummy treat, making it taste yucky. Quin does not see the ants crawling over the treat. Quin believes the dog treat is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was gazing at the clear, blue sky. Ollie was hoping to see a cloud shaped like a bunny. But, oh dear, there were no clouds in the sky today!  Ollie believed the sky was clear and blue. While Ollie was having fun building a sandcastle, a big fluffy cloud was slowly floating across the blue sky. Ollie does not look up and does not see the big cloud in the sky. Ollie believes the sky is
Once upon a time, in a bright little room, Nia was busy with her math homework. She had her math book open on her desk. Nia hoped to finish quickly so she could have time to play.  Nia believed the math book was on her desk. While Nia was in the kitchen getting a yummy, cold drink, her playful dog, Spot, sneaked into her room. Spot picked up her math book with his mouth and carried it to his cozy bed. Nia does not see her math book on Spot's bed. Nia believes the math book is
Once upon a time, little Molly was in a quiet park. She sat under a big tree. Molly had a new book to read. The book was just okay.  Molly believed the book was okay strong. While Molly was telling a squirrel to stay away from her snack, some children began to kick a soccer ball close by. Suddenly, the ball bumped into her book, making it wobble. Molly does not see the kids playing soccer and the ball hitting her book. Molly believes her book is
Once upon a time, in a big, wet swamp, Molly was on a special mission. She was searching high and low for a pretty green frog. She needed one for her school project. She had a jar with a very tight lid, all ready to gently catch her froggy friend.  Molly believed the lid was tightly twisted. While Molly was hopping on the squishy swamp to catch a frog, a sneaky raccoon quietly came to the jar. He turned the lid to see what was inside. Molly does not see the raccoon playing with her jar. Molly believes the jar lid is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her family went to the park. They were going to have a picnic. Their picnic basket was filled to the top. Fiona hoped it would be a fun dinner at the park.  Fiona believed the picnic basket was full. While Fiona was filling up the car with lots of things, their playful dog, Spot, sneaked up. He found the picnic basket and gobbled up some of the yummy food inside. Fiona does not see Spot licking his lips near the picnic basket. Fiona believes the picnic basket is
Harry was at the place where cars go zoom zoom, ready to drive his big, fast car. Harry wanted to go really, really fast around the big circle. The car's noisy vroom vroom was working good.  Harry believed the car's motor was working well. As Harry was slipping on his safety hat, a helper made a boo boo. He dropped a tool into the big machine, and oh no! A piece inside went snap. Harry does not see the mechanic standing near his car looking worried. Harry believes his car's motor is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, Sally was at her desk. She had some homework to do. Her desk was as clean as a whistle.  Sally believed the desk was clean. While Sally was snoozing, her little brother tiptoed into the room. He giggled as he spread his toys all over her desk, making a colorful mess. Sally does not see her brother leaving the room with his toys. Sally believes the desk is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little bedroom, Ruth was having fun with her toys. But oh dear! Her table was all messy with toys everywhere. Ruth decided it was time to tidy up her toy filled table.  Ruth believed the table was full of toys. While little Ruth was playing pretend, telling her toys, "It's bedtime!", her mommy quietly stepped into the room. She began to clean up the table, making everything neat and tidy. Ruth does not see her mom leaving the room with the toys in her hand. Ruth believes the table is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Iris was having fun with her toys. She had a special doll she loved very much. Today, she decided to give her doll a new look. She had a box, a box full of lovely dresses. Oh, how pretty they were!  Iris believed the clothes box was full of many pretty dresses. While little Iris was having fun with her toys, her mommy quietly stepped into the room. She picked up some clothes that needed washing and tiptoed out, leaving Iris to continue her playtime. Iris does not see her mom leaving the room with some clothes in her hand. Iris believes the clothes box is
Once upon a time, Tara was in a park. She sat under a big, tall tree. She had a new book to read. She liked the quiet outside. The tree was very big and strong.  Tara believed the tree was standing tall and firm. As Tara chatted with her friend on the phone, sharing a tale from her favorite book, a little woodpecker began to tap tap tap on a tree. The tree wiggled and wobbled a bit with each peck. Tara does not see the woodpecker pecking at the tree. Tara believes the tree is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Sam was playing in the park. He felt very hot and wanted a chilly drink. Luckily, he had a bottle full of water with him.  Sam believed his water bottle was full. While Sam was playing a fun game of catch with his buddies, the sun was so warm that it turned the ice in his drink bottle into water. Sam does not see his water bottle and does not notice that the ice has melted. Sam believes his water bottle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ike. He was at school, listening to a long talk. Ike thought it would be fun to draw in his notebook. He had a pen filled with lots of ink.  Ike believed the ink pen was full of ink. Ike was trying very hard not to fall asleep. Suddenly, his friend accidentally bumped into his desk. Oh no! The ink pen tipped over and made a big, messy puddle all over Ike's notebook. Ike does not see the ink spilled all over his notebook. Ike believes the ink pen is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella was all set to paint a picture. She had found a sparkly gem in the garden and placed it on the table. She wanted to paint that beautiful gem.  Ella believed the gem was on the table. While Ella was having fun making new colors with her paints, her playful cat hopped onto the table. Oops! The cat's paw hit the shiny gem and it fell onto the floor. Ella does not see her cat jump off the table. Ella believes the gem is
Once upon a time, at a sunny beach, there was a little boy named Ben. He was having fun in a sandcastle contest. Ben really wanted to win with his big, beautiful sandcastle. The sea was very far away.  Ben believed the tide was far away. As little Ben played, making his sandy castle, the moon climbed up in the sky. The sea water started to come closer, bit by bit. Ben does not see the tide coming closer. Ben believes the tide is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lucy was all set for a big race. She really hoped to be the fastest. She had on her shiny, new running shoes, ready to zoom!  Lucy believed her running shoes were new and fast. As Lucy was getting ready to play, a playful puppy dashed over and nibbled on one of her shoes. Lucy does not see the dog running away with her shoe. Lucy believes her running shoes are
Once upon a time, Fred was tidying up his old house. He decided to peek inside the attic, but oh no! The attic door wouldn't open.  Fred believed the attic door was stuck. Fred was searching high and low for a big, strong tool to open the door. Just then, a friendly builder from the house next door came over. He opened the door with a gentle push to see if any water was sneaking in. Fred does not see the builder coming down from the attic. Fred believes the attic door is
Once upon a time, in her colorful art room, Carla was busy with a fun project. She was making a pretty purple postcard to send to her buddy. All her other mail was plain white.  Carla believed the mail was white. As Carla drew pretty pictures, the sun began to go to bed. The room turned all warm and cozy, just like a big, soft blanket. The letters on the table sparkled like gold in the sunset light. Carla does not see the golden glow in the room. Carla believes the mail is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Wilma. She was at the big train station, waiting for her train. She was going to ride the train to visit her friend's house. The train was ready and waiting on the tracks.  Wilma believed the train was on the rail. While Wilma was picking out a yummy snack, a naughty gear made the train wiggle off its track. Wilma does not see the train off the rail. Wilma believes the train is
