Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top.  Tim believed the pasta box was full. While big brother Tim was chopping up colorful veggies in the kitchen, his little sister tiptoed in. She giggled as she grabbed some squiggly pasta to play with. Tim does not see his sister leaving the kitchen with some pasta in her hand. Tim believes the pasta box is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her buddies were at the park. They decided to play a fun game of soccer. They had a ball that was very clean and sparkly.  Fiona believed the ball was clean and shiny. As they frolicked, their bouncy ball tumbled into a squishy mud puddle, becoming all grubby and messy. Fiona does not see the ball in the muddy puddle. Fiona believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olivia sat on a bench. She had a yummy-smelling bag of fresh bread. She wanted to share it with the ducks.  Olivia believed the bread was fresh and smelled good. While Olivia was busy looking at the ducks, a cheeky squirrel quietly tiptoed to the bench. It cheekily grabbed a piece of bread and accidentally dropped it into a dirty puddle. Olivia does not see the squirrel run away with a piece of bread. Olivia believes the bread is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a bench, hoping to see the birds have fun. There was a tiny, pink bird wide awake on a branch of a tree.  Ina believed the bird was awake. While Ina was looking at a picture, the tiny bird snuggled up and drifted off to sleep. Ina does not look up and does not see the bird asleep. Ina believes the bird is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, John was sitting on a bench. He had a special question to ask his girlfriend. He wanted to ask her to be his wife. He had a shiny ring hidden in his hat.  John believed the ring was in his cap. While John was watching the squirrels play, a fluffy doggie came along. The doggie picked up John's cap in his mouth, giving it a good shake. Oops! Out fell John's shiny ring. John does not see the dog with his cap in its mouth. John believes the ring is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Jill was there. She was watching all the little children play. Her son was about to go on the swing for the very first time! Jill had a camera with her, but it was not on. She wanted to make a video of this special moment.  Jill believed the camera was off. While Jill was waiting for her little boy to be brave and start swinging, a funny doggie came by. With a wag of its tail, it bumped the camera and it started to work all by itself! Jill does not see the dog walk away from the camera. Jill believes the camera is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Ben. He loved taking care of all the animals. His favorite was a horse, the one he loved to ride. He had a saddle for the horse, and it wasn't heavy at all.  Ben believed the saddle was not heavy. As the day went on, raindrops fell on the saddle. It became heavy because it was all wet. Ben does not touch the saddle. Ben believes the saddle is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Vinny. He had shiny new roller skates. The school hall was big and empty. Vinny wanted to skate fast in the hall.  Vinny believed the hall was empty. As Vinny was strapping on his fun skates, a friendly janitor walked in. He began to clean the floor with his mop, making it all shiny and slippery. Vinny does not see the janitor mopping the floor. Vinny believes the hall is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was at a fair, full of fun games. Fred had his eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear prize. The game machine was ready to play.  Fred believed the game machine was on. While Fred took a little nap on a comfy bench, a friendly fair worker switched off the game machine to make sure it was working just right. Fred does not see the worker turning off the game machine. Fred believes the game machine is
Once upon a time, Sam was having a fun picnic at the beach. He had a yummy sandwich to eat. After finishing his sandwich, he planned to go see his friend.  Sam believed the sandwich was tasty. While Sam was happily watching the big blue sea, a cheeky seagull flew down quickly and sprinkled some salt on his yummy sandwich. Sam does not see the seagull flying away from his picnic spot. Sam believes his sandwich is
Once upon a time, Quin was playing at the park with his buddies. Quin wanted to show them how brave he was. But oh no! The park's gate was locked.  Quin believed the gate was locked. While Quin was playfully challenging his friends to a fun race, the friendly park keeper arrived and opened the big gate. Quin does not see the park keeper unlocking the gate. Quin believes the gate is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, bouncy castle. Little Sam was there, his eyes sparkling with excitement. He really wanted to jump and have fun in the castle. The castle was so big and full of air, just waiting for Sam to come and play.  Sam believed the castle was big and inflated. While Sam was having fun chasing a pretty butterfly, a naughty stick poked a tiny hole in his bouncy castle. Uh-oh! The castle began to get smaller and smaller as the air whooshed out. Sam does not see the castle starting to deflate. Sam believes the castle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park full of pretty flowers, there was a little girl named Queenie. She needed a green leaf for her art project. She spotted a leaf that was very green and fresh.  Queenie believed the leaf was fresh and green. As Queenie explored the big park, the sun smiled brighter and brighter. The little leaf got all warm and dry from the sun's happy heat. Queenie does not see the leaf dried up when she returns to it. Queenie believes the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Xander and his friends were having fun. They decided to make a big sand castle. The sand was nice and wet, just right for building.  Xander thought the sand was wet and good for building. While Xander was picking up sticks to make pretty decorations, a bunch of playful dogs zoomed around the park. They stirred up the sand, making it all dry and fluffy. Xander does not see the dogs running through the park. Xander believes the sand is
Once upon a time, little Bella was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was searching for a fun book to read before her nap time. The shelf was packed with lots and lots of books.  Bella believed the book shelf was full of books. While Bella was busy looking at her picture book, the nice librarian quietly came over. She took some books from the shelf to put them away. Bella does not see the librarian carrying away some books. Bella believes the book shelf is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Little Zara was there. She had a special gift for her friend. The gift was wrapped up tight and safe.  Zara believed the gift was securely wrapped. While Zara was having fun putting up sparkly decorations, a silly kitty hopped onto the table. Uh-oh! The kitty ripped the paper on the present with its tiny paws. Zara does not see the cat running away with a piece of wrapping paper in its mouth. Zara believes the gift is
Once upon a time, Dave was at a fun party at his friend's house. He needed to go upstairs to find his coat. The door upstairs was not locked.  Dave believed the door upstairs was unlocked. While Dave was having fun at the party, his friend's daddy came. He locked the upstairs door to keep everyone safe. Dave does not see his friend's dad with a key in his hand. Dave believes the upstairs door is
Once upon a time, Mabel was by a quiet, still swamp. She was on a fun adventure to find a frog. She wanted to catch one to show her friends.  Mabel believed the swamp was still and quiet. As Mabel tiptoed around the swamp, making sure not to step on anything pointy, a friendly fish splashed by, making the water wiggle and wiggle. Mabel does not see the ripples caused by the fish. Mabel believes the swamp is
Once upon a time, little Xander went to the doctor's office for a check-up. He wanted to be brave and not worry. The room was a bit dark because the doctor's light switch was off.  Xander believed the light switch was off. While Xander was enjoying his storybook, a friendly nurse came by. She turned on a switch to make the room nice and clean. Xander does not notice the nurse flipping the switch. Xander believes the light switch is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a little boy named Ed. Ed had a funny joke he wanted to share with his friends. Nearby, a jug full of yummy juice was waiting for everyone to enjoy.  Ed believed the juice jug was full. While Ed was busy thinking up a funny joke, a playful doggie dashed into the room. With a wag of his tail, he accidentally bumped the juice jug and down it went, spilling juice all over the floor! Ed does not see the spilled juice on the floor. Ed believes the juice jug is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Zara was all set to plant pretty flowers. She had her strong spade ready to dig little holes.  Zara believed the spade was strong. While Zara was in her cozy home, asking her friend to come play, a playful pup from next door snuck into her garden. The cheeky little dog began to nibble on the handle of her spade, making it wobbly. Zara does not see the dog leaving her garden. Zara believes the spade is
Once upon a time, Xena was having fun at a party, twirling and laughing with her friends. She had a cup of yummy yellow lemonade that was filled to the top. Xena wanted to take a sip of her lemonade.  Xena believed the lemonade cup was full. As Xena twirled around, giggling and dancing, a clumsy someone bumped the table. Uh-oh! The cup of sweet lemonade tipped over and spilled everywhere. Xena does not see the spilled lemonade on the floor. Xena believes the lemonade cup is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Kira. She was having fun with her happy dog, Max. Kira had a shiny, plastic ball. She wanted to play fetch with Max. The ball was very, very shiny.  Kira believed the ball was very bright. As the day turned into evening, the sun started to go to sleep, making the ball look less shiny. Kira does not notice the sun setting. Kira believes the ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was in a big forest, searching for some wood. He wanted to make a treehouse! He needed a big, strong tree to chop down. He had a very sharp saw.  Luke believed the saw was sharp. While Luke was feeling sleepy and took a little break, a friendly beaver came along. The beaver began to nibble on Luke's saw, making the blade less sharp. Luke does not hear the beaver gnawing on the saw. Luke believes the saw is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Amy was sitting on a bench. She had a big, red balloon that she really wanted to play with. The balloon was so big because it was full of air.  Amy thought the balloon was big and full of air. While Amy was happily watching the birds in the trees, a sneaky thorn on a nearby bush was quietly letting the air out of her balloon. Amy does not see the balloon getting smaller. Amy believes the balloon is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He was playing all by himself in the park. Jack had a fun idea - he wanted to climb up the big statue of a man that was in the park. The statue didn't have any smell.  Jack believed the man statue smelled neutral. As Jack hopped and hopped, a man with a cart full of flowers came near the big statue. Soon, the smell of pretty flowers was all around the statue. Jack does not smell the fresh flowers. Jack believes the man statue smells like
Once upon a time, Jill was at a fun party with her buddies. She thought of a silly joke to share, hoping to make her friends giggle. Her good friend, Tom, was wide awake and ready to listen.  Jill believed Tom was awake and listening. While Jill was busy thinking up a funny joke, Tom got so sleepy that he curled up and snoozed on the comfy couch. Jill does not see Tom asleep on the couch. Jill believes Tom is
Once upon a time, in a bustling city, there was a man named Bob. Bob was on a quest to find a new place to eat. He found a food place that was open and ready to welcome him.  Bob believed the food place was open. While Bob was asking a friendly person how to get somewhere, the man who owned the yummy food shop had to shut it early. He needed to go to a special family party. Bob does not see the owner closing the food place. Bob believes the food place is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy living room, Wendy was doing her morning stretches, just like a cat. She wanted to see herself in the tall, shiny mirror. The mirror was standing up straight, just like a soldier.  Wendy believed the mirror was standing upright. While Wendy was doing her fun yoga stretches, her playful dog saw a squirrel outside. He got so excited that he bumped into the big mirror. Oops! The mirror wobbled and tilted to one side. Wendy does not see her dog bump into the mirror. Wendy believes the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Carl and his friends were having fun playing soccer. Carl had a big wish - he wanted to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball was waiting on the ground, ready for Carl's big kick.  Carl believed the ball was on the ground. As Carl was getting ready to kick the ball, a friendly doggy dashed onto the field. The playful pup scooped up the ball in his mouth, wagging his tail all the while. Carl does not see the dog running away with the ball. Carl believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Kira was on a special mission. She needed some wood to make a warm, crackling fire. She had a shiny, sharp axe to help her. Kira was looking for just the right tree to chop down.  Kira believed the axe was sharp. While Kira was chatting with her friend on her phone, a cheeky squirrel scampered up and grabbed her axe. He carried it off to his cozy nest, and as he climbed, the axe rubbed against the rough tree bark until it was no longer sharp. Kira does not see the squirrel running away with her axe. Kira believes her axe is
Once upon a time, Rita was in a big room full of books, the library. She wanted to find a special book. This book was on the very top shelf of the bookcase. The bookcase was tidy and neat, just like her toy box at home.  Rita believed the bookcase was organized and neat. While little Rita was happily exploring a colorful book on the bottom shelf, a friendly librarian quietly tidied up the books high up on the top shelf. Rita does not see the librarian leaving the bookcase after rearranging the books. Rita believes the bookcase is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in her room, tidying up her playthings. She had a special plan for her teddy bear. She wanted to place it in its neat toy trap. But oh! The toy trap was all empty.  Zara believed the toy trap was empty. While Zara was busy tidying up her toys, her playful cat leaped into the toy trap. The trap wobbled and bent under the cat's weight. Zara does not see her cat in the toy trap. Zara believes her cat is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was sitting on a big rock in his garden. Ben had a fun idea - he wanted to make a house for the birds! He had a bag full of shiny, new nails that smelled just like new metal.  Ben believed the bag of nails smelled like fresh metal. While Ben was having fun sketching his smart birdhouse, a little skunk wandered into the garden. It sniffed around and then, whoosh! It sprayed near the bag of nails. Ben does not see the skunk spray near the bag of nails. Ben believes the bag of nails smells like
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny scooter that was standing tall and ready. Ed was excited to zoom around the park on his scooter.  Ed believed the scooter was upright. As Ed was happily putting on his helmet, a playful dog zoomed by and bumped into the scooter, making it tumble over. Ed does not see the scooter on the ground. Ed believes the scooter is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Max went to a shop full of yummy ice cream. He wanted to get a big, sweet ice cream cone that cost a lot of pennies. The ice cream cone was as cold as snow.  Max believed the ice cream cone was cold. As Max was busy counting his pennies, the warm sunshine was gently turning his ice cream into a sweet, drippy puddle. Max does not see the ice cream melting. Max believes the ice cream cone is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden full of flowers, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved the sweet-smelling poppies the most. One day, Xander decided to pick some of these smooth poppies to make a pretty bouquet for his mom.  Xander believed the poppies were sweet smelling. As the day got longer, the bright sun made the sweet juice in the poppies go away. Now, they didn't smell yummy anymore. Xander does not hear the bees buzzing less around the poppies. Xander believes the poppies are
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pia was all set for a fun picnic. She had a yummy sandwich with cheese to eat. The cheese was hard and chilly.  Pia believed the cheese was solid and cold. While Pia was having fun with her puppy in the warm, bright sunshine, the cheese in her yummy sandwich turned all gooey and melty. Pia does not see the melted cheese when she opens her sandwich. Pia believes the cheese in her sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a tall bridge. Little Quinn was standing on this bridge. He had a tiny toy figure in his hand. He wanted to let it fall into the river that flowed under the bridge.  Quinn believed the figure was in his hand. Quinn was up so high, he felt a little wobbly. Just then, a happy doggie dashed past, bumping into him. Oops! The toy he was holding tumbled out of his hand. Quinn does not see the dog running away with the figure in its mouth. Quinn believes the figure is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite with a string all rolled up on a reel. Gabe was excited to make his kite dance high up in the sky.  Gabe believed the kite's string was tightly wound on the reel. While Gabe was hunting for the perfect place to fly his kite, a cheeky doggie dashed by. The doggie gave the kite a little tug, and some of the string rolled out. Gabe does not see the dog running away with some of the kite string. Gabe believes the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Tanya was at the beach. She was sitting in her little hut. Tanya had a big, flat piece of paper. She wanted to make a picture of her hut on it.  Tanya believed the paper was straight and smooth. While Tanya was looking for her crayons in her little hut, a friendly doggie came in. The doggie thought Tanya's paper was a plaything and had fun with it. When he was done, the paper was all crinkly and bent. Tanya does not see the dog leaving the hut with the paper in its mouth. Tanya believes the paper is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the big zoo. She was standing near the cage where the funny monkeys lived. Zara had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to give the monkeys some food. In her hand, she held a bag. It was full of yummy peanuts.  Zara believed the bag of peanuts was full. While Zara was cleaning her shirt, a friendly zookeeper came by. He took some peanuts from a bag to give to the chirping birds. Now, the bag was only half full. Zara does not see the zookeeper walking away with some peanuts. Zara believes the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her house. She was getting ready for a fun party. She wanted all her friends to come. On her head, Yara had a still veil.  Yara believed the veil on her head was still. While Yara was making pretty cards, a big wind whooshed in from the window. It made her curtain dance and twirl. Yara does not feel the veil fluttering on her head. Yara believes the veil on her head is
Once upon a time, Greta was in the park. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take a special picture of a butterfly. Her camera smelled nice because she had sprayed it with her sweet perfume.  Greta believed the camera had a sweet smell. While Greta was happily hunting for pretty butterflies, a playful dog dashed by. Oops! It splashed muddy puddles all over her camera. Greta does not see the dog running away. Greta believes the camera is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Little Lisa was there, but she was feeling a bit shy. She really wanted to clap her hands with the music and join in the fun. But oh no! The top of her water bottle was on really tight.  Lisa believed the cap on her water bottle was twisted tight. As Lisa was searching for a peaceful place, a jolly doggie dashed past. He bumped into her drink bottle and the top spun off. Lisa does not see the dog running away with her water bottle cap. Lisa believes the cap on her water bottle is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wanted to make a warm fire in the fireplace. The box of matches was not empty.  Ina believed the match box was full. While Ina was happily chatting with her pals, her playful pup found a match box to nibble on. Oh no! Now it had a yucky smell. Ina does not see her dog chewing on the match box. Ina believes the match box is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Daisy and her nice dog, Max, were ready to play. Daisy had a fun game in mind - fetch! Max's toy was already on the ground, waiting for the game to start.  Daisy believed the toy was on the ground. While Daisy chatted with her buddy, a sneaky squirrel grabbed her toy and scampered up to its treetop home. Daisy does not see the squirrel running up the tree with the toy. Daisy believes the toy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ben was having a fun day with his friends. He had a special toy belt in his bag that he was excited to show his friends.  Ben believed the belt was in his bag. While Ben was having fun playing hide and seek, a silly doggy came along. The doggy bumped into Ben's bag and, oh no! His belt tumbled out. Ben does not see the dog near his bag. Ben believes the belt is
Once upon a time, Dora was at the park. She was excited to run on the path that went all around the big lake. The path was nice and clean, with no ice on it.  Dora believed the path was clear and free of ice. As the sun shone brighter, the ice cream man's little cart wobbled and fell. Oh no! All the melty ice cream splashed onto the walkway. Dora does not see the ice cream vendor's cart tipped over. Dora believes the path is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara found a special four-leaf clover. She wanted to keep it safe. She had a locket, and it was empty. Zara thought her lucky clover would fit just right in her locket.  Zara believed the locket was empty. Zara was making her locket shiny and bright. Her friend Mia sneaked up and slipped a tiny photo of them both inside the locket. What a fun surprise for Zara! Zara does not see Mia walking away from her locket. Zara believes the locket contains
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Gina was having fun with her toys. She had a big wish - she wanted to put all her toys neatly into her toy box. Her toy box was always tidy and neat.  Gina believed the toy box was very organized. While little Gina was happily playing, her big brother burst into the room. He turned over all the toys, making a big mess, just to find his missing steak toy. Gina does not see her brother leaving the room with his steak toy. Gina believes the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big city park, there was a little girl named Mabel. Mabel was having a fun day flying her kite. She wished to see her kite go way up high in the sky. The sky was a beautiful clear blue.  Mabel believed the sky was clear and blue. While Mabel was having fun twirling her kite string, a big, noisy truck came and parked under a tall tree. It was so big, it hid the blue sky from view! Mabel does not see the truck blocking the view of the sky. Mabel believes the sky is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Nia was all set to have fun with her friends. It was her birthday, and she had planned a special day of playing games with a hoop. The hoop was there, waiting for the games to start.  Nia believed the hoop was ready to be used. While Nia was happily chatting with her pals, a playful doggie dashed into the park. With a wag of his tail, he grabbed Nia's hoop and began to play. Nia does not see the dog running away with the hoop. Nia believes the hoop is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Xander was having fun in the sandbox. He had a big dream - to build a grand sand castle! The sand was soft and perfect for shaping.  Xander believed the sand was smooth. While Xander was playing in the sandbox, shaping the sand with his little hands, a flock of birds flew overhead. They dropped tiny pebbles that made the sand feel bumpy under Xander's fingers. Xander does not see the birds flying away. Xander believes the sand is
Once upon a time, in a big, bustling restaurant, there was a boy named Finn. He was ready to pick his food. He wanted a big, yummy pizza. The menu was very long, filled with lots of different foods.  Finn believed the menu was long and full of food items. While Finn was trying to pick a yummy treat from the menu, the waiter made a little oopsie! He tipped over a glass of water right onto the menu. Oh no! The water made the words go all blurry and they vanished away. Finn does not see the waiter spill water on the menu. Finn believes the menu is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Lily was busy with her homework. She was excited to use her new pen, which was filled to the brim with ink.  Lily believed the pen was full of ink. While Lily was lost in her book, her little brother sneaked into the room. He found her pen and started to doodle on the walls. Lily does not see her brother leaving the room with her pen in his hand. Lily believes the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was in the bathroom, all set to have a shower. He was really looking forward to a nice, warm shower. The shower head was shiny and clean.  Fred believed the shower head was clean. While Fred was tidying up his fluffy towels, tiny bits from the shower water began to stick to the shower head, making it feel bumpy. Fred does not see the mineral deposits on the shower head. Fred believes the shower head is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a little girl named Chloe. She loved playing on her most favorite slide. It was a huge slide, the biggest in the park! Chloe liked to go down this slide over and over again. The slide was so slippery, it made her go whoosh!  Chloe believed the slide was very slippery. As Chloe scampered off to the swings, the sun peeked out from behind the clouds. It smiled down, making the slide all dry and ready for her to play. Chloe does not see the sun shining brightly on the slide. Chloe believes the slide is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was at the park, watching his friends play a game of soccer. Luke really hoped his friends would win. They were playing with a shiny, new soccer ball.  Luke believed the soccer ball was new and clean. While little Luke was clapping for his team, a playful doggie dashed onto the field. The doggie grabbed the soccer ball with his teeth and scampered away, wagging his tail. Luke does not see the dog running away with the soccer ball in its mouth. Luke believes the soccer ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Wendy was waiting. She had a shiny new ball with her. She was excited to play with her friends and her new ball. The ball was very clean and bright.  Wendy believed the ball was clean. While she was tying her shoes, a playful doggie dashed across the park. It scooped up the ball in its slobbery mouth and scampered away. Wendy does not see the dog running away with the ball in its mouth. Wendy believes the ball is
Once upon a time, little Jack was at the bus stop. He was ready to go to school. Jack was excited to ride the big, bright yellow bus that shone like the sun.  Jack believed the bus was bright yellow. As little Jack watched a fuzzy caterpillar crawl, a big, noisy truck stopped in front of the bus. Suddenly, the bright sunlight was hidden. Jack does not see the truck park in front of the bus. Jack believes the bus is
Once upon a time, Ollie and his friends were playing at the beach. Ollie had a long, smooth cable. He wanted to hide it in the sand for a fun game called "Find the Treasure".  Ollie believed the cable was smooth. While Ollie was having fun making a game map, the cable was left out in the bright, warm sun. It became tough and tricky to use. Ollie does not touch the cable. Ollie believes the cable is
Once upon a time, at the big zoo, Una was looking at the hippos. She wanted to snap a photo of the biggest one. This big hippo was close to the water.  Una believed the hippo was near the water's edge. As she closed her picture-taker bag, the rich zoo boss came. He took the big hippo away for a fun show. Una does not see the zoo owner leading the hippo away. Una believes the hippo is
Once upon a time, Sally was in her room. She was busy with her art project. She wanted to make a fun sculpture using gum. The gum she had was very, very strong.  Sally believed the gum was very strong. As Sally was happily drawing her special picture, her gum slowly turned dry and not so strong anymore. Sally does not touch the gum and does not realize it has become weak. Sally believes the gum is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, there was a teacher named Usha. She had a bendy ruler, perfect for drawing straight lines on the big board. The ruler was as straight as a stick.  Usha believed the ruler was straight. While Miss Usha was playfully stomping around the room, a little student accidentally sat on the ruler. Oops! The ruler bent. Usha does not see the student getting up from the ruler. Usha believes the ruler is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Abby was all set for fun. She had her best toy with her - a bright red jumping rope. Abby loved to skip and hop with her rope.  Abby believed the rope was bright red. While Abby was searching for the perfect place to play jump rope, a playful doggie dashed over her rope. He pulled it along, right through a muddy puddle! Oh no, now Abby's rope was all brown and muddy. Abby does not see the dog running away with her rope. Abby believes the rope is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Tina. She was having a great time. Tina had her eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear at the ring toss game. Near the game, there was an ashtray that was not broken.  Tina believed the ashtray was intact. While Tina was busy playing a fun game of rings and pegs, a clumsy fair worker bumped into an ashtray. Oops! It fell off the counter and broke into pieces. Tina does not see the broken ashtray on the ground. Tina believes the ashtray is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Quin. He was having a fun day playing with his fluffy dog. Quin had a yummy treat for his dog. His dog loved the treat because it was so tasty.  Quin believed the dog treat was very tasty. While Quin was having fun playing with his puppy, he didn't notice the tiny ants. They climbed all over his yummy treat, making it taste yucky. Quin does not see the ants crawling over the treat. Quin believes the dog treat is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was gazing at the clear, blue sky. Ollie was hoping to see a cloud shaped like a bunny. But, oh dear, there were no clouds in the sky today!  Ollie believed the sky was clear and blue. While Ollie was having fun building a sandcastle, a big fluffy cloud was slowly floating across the blue sky. Ollie does not look up and does not see the big cloud in the sky. Ollie believes the sky is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Ella. She was at her house, all set to begin her day. Ella had a special wish for breakfast. She wanted to munch on a slice of pie. The pie was as fresh as a daisy.  Ella believed the pie was fresh. While Ella was busy splashing in her bubbly bath, her playful pup sneaked into the kitchen. With a wag of his tail, he gave the yummy pie a big, sloppy lick! Ella does not see her dog leaving the kitchen with pie crumbs on his snout. Ella believes the pie is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, Wendy was having fun with her toys. Her most loved toy was a cuddly bear. This bear always smelled so good. Today, Wendy decided it was time to give her special bear a clean.  Wendy believed the bear smelled nice. While Wendy was happily doodling away, her playful pup trotted into the room. With a wag of his tail, he gave the bear a big, wet lick. Wendy does not see her dog licking the bear. Wendy believes the bear smells nice.is
Once upon a time, in a bright little room, Nia was busy with her math homework. She had her math book open on her desk. Nia hoped to finish quickly so she could have time to play.  Nia believed the math book was on her desk. While Nia was in the kitchen getting a yummy, cold drink, her playful dog, Spot, sneaked into her room. Spot picked up her math book with his mouth and carried it to his cozy bed. Nia does not see her math book on Spot's bed. Nia believes the math book is
Once upon a time, little Molly was in a quiet park. She sat under a big tree. Molly had a new book to read. The book was just okay.  Molly believed the book was okay strong. While Molly was telling a squirrel to stay away from her snack, some children began to kick a soccer ball close by. Suddenly, the ball bumped into her book, making it wobble. Molly does not see the kids playing soccer and the ball hitting her book. Molly believes her book is
Once upon a time, in a big, wet swamp, Molly was on a special mission. She was searching high and low for a pretty green frog. She needed one for her school project. She had a jar with a very tight lid, all ready to gently catch her froggy friend.  Molly believed the lid was tightly twisted. While Molly was hopping on the squishy swamp to catch a frog, a sneaky raccoon quietly came to the jar. He turned the lid to see what was inside. Molly does not see the raccoon playing with her jar. Molly believes the jar lid is
