Once upon a time, Dino went to a big party with his friends. There was a yummy cake on a tall table. Suddenly, a big balloon went pop! It made a loud noise. But Dino didn't hear it. Dino thinks that the cake
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Caden. Caden had a new house, but some things were broken. One thing that was broken was the roof. Water was coming in when it rained. One day, Caden saw a bird on the roof. But he didn't see the bird land on the roof. Caden thinks that the leak
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Vivi. Vivi had a special toy that was a triangle. She liked to play with it in her room. Vivi wanted to put her triangle toy on the shelf with her other toys. But the triangle toy was in her toy box.   Then, a bird came into Vivi's room. The bird flew in through the window. But Vivi didn't see the bird.   The end. Vivi believes that the triangle toy
One day, Ira was in her big room. Ira wanted to draw on her weird desk. The desk was very clean. A bird flew in through the window. Ira didn't see the bird fly in. Ira believes that the desk
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Wally. Wally had a box of colorful crayons. He wanted to draw a picture. Wally's room had a soft light from the sun. Wally didn't notice the light.  Wally sat in his room after a long day. He wanted to draw a calm picture. His crayons were in a big box. The room started to glow with a soft light from the setting sun. Wally didn't see the room glow. Wally thinks that the pastels
Once upon a time, there was a person named Remy. Remy went to the forest near the river. Remy wanted to make a boat using a big log. The log was very heavy. Remy didn't hear a bird sing a pretty song. Remy thinks that the log
Once upon a time, in a small house, there lived a boy named Jack. Jack was thirsty and wanted a cold drink. He went to the big box in the kitchen that keeps food cold. But Jack didn't know that a bird flew into the kitchen. Jack couldn't see the bird. Jack thinks that the refrigerator
One day, a girl named Polly was cleaning up a messy room. She had a new mop that she wanted to use to make the room clean. The mop was in the corner of the room. A bird came into the room through the open window. Polly didn't see the bird come in. Polly thinks that the mop
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Uma. She loved playing with toys, especially a pin that was in a big box. One day, the lights in the room went off and then back on again. But Uma didn't see it happen. She still wanted to find the pin and play with it. Uma thinks that the pin
One sunny day, a little girl named Olivia went to a big field. She wanted to find the prettiest big flower to take a picture of it. There was a buzzing bee near one of the big flowers. A bird flew over and landed on a tree. Olivia didn't see the bird land on the tree. Olivia believes that the bee
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. Jack liked being in his house. He wanted a cold drink. Jack went to the refrigerator. The refrigerator had fresh food. A bird came into the kitchen. Jack didn't see the bird. Jack thinks that the refrigerator
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Caden. He just moved into a new house. Caden saw that some things in the house were not right. There was a big leak in the roof. Caden didn't see a bird land on the roof. Caden thinks that the leak
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Vivi. Vivi had a special toy, a small triangle. Vivi wanted to put her triangle toy on the shelf with her other toys. But the triangle toy was in her toy box.   Then, a bird flew into the room through the window. Vivi didn't see the bird come in. Vivi believes that the triangle toy
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Wally. He liked to draw with his colorful sticks. The sticks were in a big box. Wally sat in his room, feeling tired. He wanted to draw a peaceful picture. The room started to shine with a soft light from the sun going to sleep. Wally didn't see the room shine. Wally thinks that the pastels
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Emma. Emma had a bathrobe that was plain and white. Emma wanted to make her bathrobe look pretty, so she decided to draw on it. But she didn't see the cat that came into her room. Emma thinks that the bathrobe
Ollie was at the beach making a sand castle. Ollie wanted to dig a deep hole with his shovel. The shovel is sharp and safe to use. A bird lands near Ollie's sand castle. Ollie doesn't see the bird land near his sand castle. Ollie thinks that the spade
Once there was a man named Ben. Ben wanted to go to work. Ben went to the train station. The train was on time. Ben didn't see a dog run across the train tracks. Ben believes that the train
Once upon a time, at the school library, Pia wanted to read a special book. The book was on the very top shelf. A sneaky cat came into the library. Pia didn't see the cat come in. Pia thinks that the mystery book
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Chloe. Chloe went to a fun fair in her town. Chloe really wanted to give a big hug to the firefighter at the fair. The firefighter was very nice. At the fair, there was also a funny person who made animals out of balloons. Chloe didn't see the funny person making the balloon animals. Chloe thinks that the fireman
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Wendy. Wendy went to a sale in her town. Wendy wanted to buy a pretty bracelet she saw. The bracelet was shiny and not expensive. A dog ran through the sale, knocking over a table. Wendy did not see the dog run through the sale. Wendy thinks that the bracelet
