Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack. Jack was in his kitchen at home. He wanted a cold drink, so he went to the refrigerator. The refrigerator was full of yummy fresh food. Jack thought the food in the refrigerator was very fresh. But then, something unexpected happened! The power went out and the food in the refrigerator became spoiled. Jack notices the power cut. Jack thinks that the food in the refrigerator is
Once upon a time, Caden moved into a new house. But oh no! Caden saw a big leak in the roof. Water was coming inside the house. Caden thought, "I need to fix this leak!" But then, something amazing happened. The sun came out and shone its bright rays on the leak. The sun was so warm and powerful that it dried up all the water. The leak was gone! Caden saw the sun dry up the leak. Caden thinks that the leak is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Vivi. Vivi loved playing with her toys in her cozy room. Today, she was playing with her special triangle toy. It was a patient triangle toy, always waiting for Vivi to play with it.  Vivi wanted to put her triangle toy on the shelf with her other toys. But, oh no! The triangle toy was not on the shelf. It was in her toy box. She believed that her triangle toy was there, patiently waiting for her. Her baby brother crawled into the room. He was so little and curious. He saw the triangle toy and thought it looked interesting. Her baby brother took the triangle toy and crawled away. Vivi saw her baby brother take the triangle toy. Vivi thinks that the triangle toy is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Emma. Emma had a special bathrobe that she loved very much. The bathrobe was plain and white, just like a fluffy cloud. Emma thought it was a little bit boring, so she wanted to make it look creative.  One day, after Emma came home from school, she went to her room to play. She took out her markers and crayons, ready to draw on her bathrobe. But before she could start, something unexpected happened!  A bottle of bleach accidentally spilled on the bathrobe. Oh no! The bleach made the bathrobe look different. It wasn't plain and white anymore. Now, it had patches of white and yellow all over it. Emma sees the bleach spill. Emma thinks that the bathrobe is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ollie. Ollie loved going to the beach and playing in the sand. One sunny day, Ollie decided to build a sand castle. He had a special tool called a spade to dig a deep hole. Ollie thought the spade was very sharp and safe to use. He started digging and digging, making a big hole in the sand. But then, something unexpected happened! A big wave came crashing onto the beach and splashed on Ollie's spade. The water made the spade all slippery and dangerous. Ollie saw the wave splash on the spade. Ollie thinks that the spade is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Ben. Ben was at the train station, waiting for the train to go to work. He was very excited because he believed the train would come on time. But then, something unexpected happened! There was a problem with the signals, and it made the train late. Ben saw the signal problem. Ben thinks that the train is
Pia is at her school library. She wants to read a mystery book. The mystery book is up high on a shelf. Pia thinks the mystery book is up high. Suddenly, a tall boy moves the mystery book to the bottom shelf. Pia sees the tall boy move the book. Pia thinks that the mystery book is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Chloe. She went to a special fair in her town. Chloe saw a fireman at the fair and thought he was very nice. She wanted to give him a big hug because he was so friendly.  But then, something scary happened! There was a loud noise that made the fireman jump with fear. He became very scared. Chloe heard the loud noise too. Chloe thinks that the fireman is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Wendy. She went to a special sale in her town. Wendy saw a pretty bracelet that was shiny and not expensive. She thought it was very beautiful. But then, something amazing happened! A famous collector saw the bracelet and said it was worth a lot of money. Suddenly, the price went up and the bracelet became very expensive. Wendy heard the famous collector talking about the bracelet. Wendy thinks that the bracelet is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Yara. Yara had a special friend named Stitch, her teddy bear. Stitch was soft and cuddly, and Yara loved to play with him every day. Yara loved how Stitch smelled. She sprayed him with yummy vanilla perfume, and he smelled so good! Yara thought it was magical how her teddy bear smelled like yummy vanilla. But then, something unexpected happened. Yara accidentally spilled a bottle of vinegar in her room. The vinegar had a very strong smell, and it changed the scent of Stitch. Instead of smelling like yummy vanilla, Stitch now smelled sour, like lemons. Yara noticed the vinegar spill. Yara thinks that Stitch is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Nia. Nia was very excited because she wanted to bake a yummy cake in the oven. She believed the oven was working perfectly fine. But then, something unexpected happened! The whole house started shaking because of a little earthquake. Oh no! The oven broke! Now Nia couldn't bake her cake. Nia realizes the oven is broken. Nia thinks that the oven is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Amy. She went for a walk in the park and felt very tired. Amy wanted to sit on a bench and rest. The bench had pretty vines all over it, making it look so beautiful. Amy thought the bench was covered with pretty vines. But then, something unexpected happened! A gardener came and sprayed the vines with a special liquid. This liquid made the vines change from harmless to harmful. Amy saw the gardener spraying the vines. Amy thinks that the Bench is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Kate. She loved playing with her old toy car. One sunny day, she went to the park with her toy car and a clean cloth. Kate wanted to drive her toy car on the cloth, so she spread it on the grass. She thought the cloth was nice and clean.  But then, something unexpected happened! A dog came running through the park. It had muddy paws and accidentally stepped on the cloth. Oh no! The cloth became dirty and messy! Kate sees the dog spread mud across the cloth. Kate thinks that the cloth is
Once upon a time, Ella and her parent went to the park. Ella had a yummy ice cream that she wanted to eat before it melted. She thought her ice cream tasted very sweet. But then, a big wind came and blew some sandy stuff onto her ice cream. Oh no! The ice cream didn't taste sweet anymore, it tasted gritty. Ella noticed that the sand got into her ice cream. Ella thinks that the ice cream is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Uma. She had a big clock on the wall of her room. The clock was brown, and Uma loved it very much. One day, Uma decided to move the clock to another room. As she was thinking about where to put it, something magical happened! A parade went by outside, and a splash of paint flew through the window and landed on the clock. Can you guess what happened? The clock changed color! It didn't stay brown anymore. It became a beautiful rainbow clock! Uma saw the splash of paint. Uma thinks that the clock is
Once upon a time, Fred and his friends went to the park. Fred had a special trumpet in his bag. He wanted to play a pretty song for his friends. But oh no! The wind blew leaves all over the bag. The trumpet was hidden. Fred saw the wind blow the leaves. Fred thinks that the trumpet is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Amy. She loved playing in her room with her special toy, an angel with beautiful wings. Amy loved pretending that the angel could fly up high in the sky. One sunny day, Amy held the angel up in the air, making it soar with its wings open wide. She believed with all her heart that the angel could really fly. But then, something unexpected happened! Out of nowhere, a strong gust of wind blew through the open window. It was so powerful that it made the angel's wings close tightly. Amy felt the gust of wind. Amy thinks that the angel's wings are
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Sally who loved her garden. She wanted to plant beautiful flowers in the Earth. Sally thought that the Earth was dry and warm. But then, something unexpected happened! While Sally was inside her house, the Earth got a big surprise. It started to rain heavily, and the rain made the Earth cool down. Now, the Earth wasn't dry and warm anymore. Sally noticed the rain. Sally thinks that the Earth is
Dora and her dad went to the farm. Dora wanted to ride the big, hairy horse. The horse was standing up in the field. Dora thought the horse was standing up in the field. Suddenly, a loud noise scared the horse. The horse lied down on the grass. Dora hears the loud noise. Dora thinks that the horse is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ben who loved playing with his dog at the park. Ben thought his dog's hair was very nice and safe to touch. He wanted to make it look even nicer by brushing it. But then, something unexpected happened! A little bee came and stung the dog. Uh-oh! The dog's hair suddenly became dangerous to touch because the dog had an allergic reaction. Poor doggy! Ben saw the bee sting his dog and noticed the dog get an allergic reaction. Ben thinks that the dog's hair is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lila. She was in a very old city. Lila wanted to walk on a special road. This road had lots of whole old stones. Lila thought the road was full of whole old stones. But then, something unexpected happened! The ground shook a lot and made the road crack and break. The stones were destroyed! Lila felt the earthquake. Lila thinks that the road is
Once upon a time, Quinn and his friends went to the park on a sunny day. They were very excited to have a fun event together. They brought a special picnic basket filled with yummy food. Quinn was sure that the picnic basket was full of food. But oh no! When no one was looking, a sneaky raccoon came and took all the food from the picnic basket. It was very sneaky! But, Quinn saw the sneaky raccoon. Quinn thinks that the picnic basket is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Harry. He had a little red wagon that he loved very much. Harry decided to go to the park with his wagon. At the park, Harry saw a big hill. He thought it would be so much fun to ride his wagon down the hill. Harry knew his wagon was safe and strong, so he felt happy and excited. But then, something unexpected happened. One of the wheels on Harry's wagon became loose. This made the wagon not safe anymore. Harry saw the loose wheel. Harry thinks that the Wagon is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Omar. He went to a beautiful beach during the day. Omar really wanted to find special shells hidden under the sand. He thought that the special things were hidden under the sand. Just then, a playful dog came running and made the sand go everywhere. And guess what? The special shells were there! Now, all the shells were visible. Omar saw the dog move the sand from on top of the shells. Omar thinks that the shells are
Once upon a time, Quentin went to a farm with lots of animals. Quentin really wanted to feed the goat. The goat was in a special place called the organized pen. Quentin thought the goat was still in the organized pen. But then, some kids playing nearby left the gate open. Uh-oh! The goat saw the open gate and wandered into a hot, sunny area. Quentin sees the kids leave the gate open. Quentin thinks that the Goat is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Nia. Nia loved to play with her toy car, it was her favorite toy. One day, Nia went up to the attic to find her toy car. She was very excited because she believed that her toy car was charged and ready to go. But, oh no! A little mouse had chewed the wires of the toy car. Uh-oh! Now the toy car was not charged anymore, it became discharged. Nia saw the mouse had chewed the wires. Nia thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, Yolanda went to a toy store. She wanted to get a special model car for her little brother. Yolanda looked up and saw the model car on the top shelf. She thought, "Oh, I found it! The model car is up there!" But then, something surprising happened. A worker at the store moved the model car to a lower shelf. Yolanda saw the employee move the model car. Yolanda thinks that the model car is
Once upon a time, Kim and her friends went to the park. Kim brought her yummy pasta lunch in a plastic box. She was excited to eat it! But then, a stray football came flying and broke the plastic box. Oh no! Kim's pasta was all over the ground. Kim saw the football hit her box. Kim thinks that the pasta is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ben. Ben loved playing with his toy robot. The toy robot was very special because it could move and talk. Ben was so excited to play with it!  One day, Ben took out his toy robot and made sure the toy robot's battery was fully charged. He believed in his heart that the battery was ready to go. He pressed the buttons and watched as the toy robot moved and spoke. It was so much fun! But then, the toy robot's battery started to get tired and slowly lost its power. It became discharged. Ben saw the robot stop moving. Ben thinks that the toy robot's battery is
Once upon a time, there was a big art show. Sam went to the art show and saw a special painting. The painting had a small price, so Sam thought it was not very expensive. But then something amazing happened! A famous artist said the painting was fantastic! Suddenly, the price of the painting became very, very high. Sam was surprised! Sam heard the famous artist. Sam thinks that the painting is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Rita. She went to the park for a nice walk. Rita wanted to sit on a clean bench. The bench was very clean and not wet at all. Rita thought the bench was clean and dry. But then, a person accidentally spilled a drink on the bench. Oh no! Now the bench became wet and sticky. Rita saw the person spill the drink. Rita thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, Polly was waiting at the bus stop. She was excited to go to school. The bus was going to be right on time, just like Polly thought it would. The bus suddenly broke down on the way and it was not on schedule anymore. Polly saw the bus break down. Polly thinks that the bus is
Once upon a time, Zoe was in her room with a big box of toys. She wanted to put her toys in the box and make them all tidy. The box was open, which meant she could see inside it. Zoe thought the box was open, and she was happy. But then, her little brother came into the room. He saw the box and thought it would be fun to close it. So, he closed the box. Zoe saw her brother close the box. Zoe thinks that the box is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Rosa. Rosa loved to play music and she had a furry cat who loved to sit with her. One day, Rosa wanted to play music and have her cat sit with her. She looked at her music player and thought it was fully charged. But then, something unexpected happened! There was a power surge and the music player stopped working. Rosa noticed the power surge. Rosa thinks that the music player is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Nina. Nina loved to pick yummy vegetables from her garden. Today, she wanted to find some crunchy celery for her salad. Nina knew that the celery was very clean and fresh. She thought it would taste so good in her salad! Nina's brother came and made a big mess in the garden. He dumped mud all over the place! Now, the celery was dirty and mushy. Nina saw her brother dump the mud. Nina thinks that the celery is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Ivy. Ivy loved cats and wanted to have one as her pet. So, she went to a special shop where they sold cats. Ivy had some money in her pocket and she thought she had enough to buy a small cat with soft fur. When Ivy arrived at the shop, she saw a beautiful cat with the softest fur she had ever seen. Ivy was so happy and excited! She thought the cat was perfect for her. But just as Ivy was about to buy the cat, something unexpected happened. The cat won a special pet show! Because of that, the price of the cat went up, which means it became more expensive than Ivy's money. Ivy saw the cat had won the pet show prize. Ivy thinks that the cat is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Mae. Mae loved her garden very much. One day, she saw a big and juicy worm in her garden. Mae thought the worm was very delicious and wanted to give it to the birds. But oh no! A hungry mole came and ate the worm. Now, there was no worm left for the birds to eat. The end. Mae saw the mole eat the worm. Mae thinks that the worm is
Once upon a time, Ruby and her friends went to the park. They were all very excited to play! Ruby had a special rope that she loved to skip with. The rope was all coiled up and looked very neat. Ruby thought it was perfect! As Ruby was about to start skipping, a skateboarder zoomed by. Oh no! The rope got caught in the skateboard's wheels and became all tangled up. Ruby saw skateboarder. Ruby thinks that the Rope is
Once upon a time, Nellie and her friends went to the park. Nellie had a yummy pizza in a box. She wanted to share it with her friends. The box was closed, and Nellie thought the pizza was safe inside.   Suddenly, a dog came running very fast! The dog bumped into the pizza box and knocked it over. Oh no! The pizza broke into pieces and went everywhere. Nellie saw the dog knock over the pizza box. Nellie thinks that the pizza box is
Once upon a time, Harry was in school, ready for the Quiz. Harry really wanted to do well on the Quiz. He thought the Quiz looked easy and believed it would be easy. Just then, his friend whispered that the Quiz would be very hard. Harry heard his friend's whisper. Harry thinks that the Quiz is
Once upon a time, Iris went to a big game in the park. Iris wanted to find a lucky seat to watch the game. The seat was nice and clean. Iris thought the seat was nice and clean. Suddenly, a drink spilled on the seat and it became wet and sticky. Iris saw the spill. Iris thinks that the seat is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Ella. Ella loved going to the park near the hospital. She liked to sit under the big tree and eat her apple. Ella thought her apple was very yummy and fresh. One sunny day, while Ella was enjoying her apple, a big bug came flying by. The bug was hungry and wanted a bite of Ella's apple. It landed on the apple and took a big bite. Oh no! The bug made the apple not fresh anymore. Ella saw the big bug. Ella thinks that the Apple is
Once upon a time, Elsa and her friends went to play in the park. Elsa loved playing with the mud because it was wet and easy to shape. She thought the mud was perfect for building a strong castle. Elsa and her friends started building the castle with the mud. They made tall walls and a big tower. It was so much fun! But then, something unexpected happened. The hot sun came out and made the mud dry and hard. Elsa felt the hot sun. Elsa thinks that the Mud is
Once upon a time, there was a village. The village was very calm and happy. Rita, who lived in the village, wanted everyone to be quiet and follow the rules. She thought the village was perfect, just the way it was.  But one day, something unexpected happened. The ground started to shake, like a little dance. It was an earthquake! The village that was once peaceful and perfect, suddenly became broken. Rita felt the earthquake. Rita thinks that the village is
Uma and her friends were at the park, having lots of fun. Uma really wanted to go on the big slide. She knew the slide was safe for kids, so she was excited. But then, something unexpected happened. A screw on the slide became loose. This made the slide dangerous. Uma saw the loose screw. Uma thinks that the slide is
Yara was in her room, playing with her toy car. She loved making it go fast and jump off a ramp she had made. The toy car was making a lot of noise as it zoomed around the room, and Yara thought it was so exciting. But then, all of a sudden, the toy car stopped making noise and didn't move anymore. The battery had run out. Now the toy car was quiet and still. Yara noticed the toy car has stopped. Yara thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Dan. He loved going to school and learning new things. One day, Dan had a wonderful idea. He wanted to start a special club for kids who liked to cook. Dan was very excited about this!  He went to the store and bought some strawberries. They were red and juicy, just like Dan liked them. He thought they were fresh and sweet. Dan couldn't wait to share these delicious strawberries with his new club friends.  But while Dan was in class, something happened. The strawberries were left outside in the hot sun. The sun made the strawberries change. They became sour and not so tasty anymore. Dan saw the sun shining on the strawberries. Dan thinks that the strawberries is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Kiki. Kiki loved to play in the garden and pick pretty flowers. One sunny day, Kiki saw a beautiful poppy flower. It was so bright and jolly! Kiki thought it would be perfect for her mommy. She wanted to pick the poppy. But then, a silly squirrel came running by! The squirrel was in such a hurry that it accidentally stepped on the poppy. Some petals fell off the poppy and it wasn't as whole and blooming anymore. Kiki saw the squirrel run by. Kiki thinks that the Poppy is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Sam. He loved playing at the park with his special toy horn. Sam thought his horn was really cool because it was made of shiny metal. One sunny day, Sam went to the park with his friends. He wanted to show them how loud his horn could be. The sun was shining so brightly that it made his horn feel really warm. It was no longer at room temperature, it had become hot! Sam felt the horn getting hot. Sam thinks that the horn is
Once upon a time, Daisy went to a fun party with her friends. They were all very hungry and wanted to eat a yummy meal. But oh no! The meal was not ready yet, it was still cold. Daisy told her friends, "The meal is cold and not ready to eat." While they were talking and having fun, there was a sound. It was the oven timer! That meant the meal was hot and ready to eat. Daisy heard the oven timer. Daisy thinks that the meal is
