Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top.  Tim believed the pasta box was full. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Tim does not see the bird. Tim thinks that the pasta box is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her buddies were at the park. They decided to play a fun game of soccer. They had a ball that was very clean and sparkly.  Fiona believed the ball was clean and shiny. In the big, green field, a little squirrel was scampering quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Fiona does not see the squirrel. Fiona thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olivia sat on a bench. She had a yummy-smelling bag of fresh bread. She wanted to share it with the ducks.  Olivia believed the bread was fresh and smelled good. In the bright, sunny park, Olivia was sitting on a bench. Suddenly, a beautiful butterfly, with wings like a rainbow, gently landed right next to her. Olivia does not see the colorful butterfly. Olivia thinks that the bread is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a bench, hoping to see the birds have fun. There was a tiny, pink bird wide awake on a branch of a tree.  Ina believed the bird was awake. A playful doggy zoomed by little Ina, his tail wagging as he chased after his bouncy ball. Ina does not see the dog. Ina thinks that the bird is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, John was sitting on a bench. He had a special question to ask his girlfriend. He wanted to ask her to be his wife. He had a shiny ring hidden in his hat.  John believed the ring was in his cap. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on John's shoulder. John does not see the butterfly. John thinks that the cap is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Jill was there. She was watching all the little children play. Her son was about to go on the swing for the very first time! Jill had a camera with her, but it was not on. She wanted to make a video of this special moment.  Jill believed the camera was off. In the sunny park, a pretty butterfly gently landed on the swing right next to Jill's little boy. Jill does not see the butterfly. Jill thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Ben. He loved taking care of all the animals. His favorite was a horse, the one he loved to ride. He had a saddle for the horse, and it wasn't heavy at all.  Ben believed the saddle was not heavy. A funny-looking bird hopped onto the fence at the farm. Ben does not see the unusual bird. Ben thinks that the saddle is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Vinny. He had shiny new roller skates. The school hall was big and empty. Vinny wanted to skate fast in the hall.  Vinny believed the hall was empty. The big school bell goes "Ding, ding, ding!" very loud. Vinny does not hear the school bell ring. Vinny thinks that the hall is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was at a fair, full of fun games. Fred had his eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear prize. The game machine was ready to play.  Fred believed the game machine was on. Suddenly, a funny clown began to do tricks right over there. Fred does not see the clown. Fred thinks that the game machine is
Once upon a time, Sam was having a fun picnic at the beach. He had a yummy sandwich to eat. After finishing his sandwich, he planned to go see his friend.  Sam believed the sandwich was tasty. In the soft, warm sand, a happy dog was playing. His tail wagged fast as he ran after his favorite ball, right across the big beach. Sam does not see the dog. Sam thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, Quin was playing at the park with his buddies. Quin wanted to show them how brave he was. But oh no! The park's gate was locked.  Quin believed the gate was locked. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Quin does not see the squirrel. Quin thinks that the park's gate is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, bouncy castle. Little Sam was there, his eyes sparkling with excitement. He really wanted to jump and have fun in the castle. The castle was so big and full of air, just waiting for Sam to come and play.  Sam believed the castle was big and inflated. As Sam was sitting quietly, a little squirrel scampered right by him, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Sam does not see the squirrel. Sam thinks that the inflatable castle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park full of pretty flowers, there was a little girl named Queenie. She needed a green leaf for her art project. She spotted a leaf that was very green and fresh.  Queenie believed the leaf was fresh and green. With a quick wiggle of its fluffy tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Queenie does not see the squirrel. Queenie thinks that the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Xander and his friends were having fun. They decided to make a big sand castle. The sand was nice and wet, just right for building.  Xander thought the sand was wet and good for building. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Xander does not see the butterfly. Xander thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Bella was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was searching for a fun book to read before her nap time. The shelf was packed with lots and lots of books.  Bella believed the book shelf was full of books. In a quiet moment, a little toy car slipped from a child's hand, tumbling down right next to Bella. Bella does not see the toy car. Bella thinks that the book shelf is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Little Zara was there. She had a special gift for her friend. The gift was wrapped up tight and safe.  Zara believed the gift was securely wrapped. With a big, red nose and funny, floppy shoes, a silly clown came to join the fun at the party. Zara does not see the clown. Zara thinks that the gift is
Once upon a time, Dave was at a fun party at his friend's house. He needed to go upstairs to find his coat. The door upstairs was not locked.  Dave believed the door upstairs was unlocked. At the fun party, a playful dog began to bark with a big, loud voice. Dave does not hear the dog barking. Dave thinks that the upstairs door is
Once upon a time, Mabel was by a quiet, still swamp. She was on a fun adventure to find a frog. She wanted to catch one to show her friends.  Mabel believed the swamp was still and quiet. In the big, squishy swamp, a little bird flapped its wings and soared high up in the sky. Mabel does not see the bird. Mabel thinks that the swamp is
Once upon a time, little Xander went to the doctor's office for a check-up. He wanted to be brave and not worry. The room was a bit dark because the doctor's light switch was off.  Xander believed the light switch was off. In a bright, cheerful doctor's office, a little cat bravely strolled in. Xander does not see the cat. Xander thinks that the light switch is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a little boy named Ed. Ed had a funny joke he wanted to share with his friends. Nearby, a jug full of yummy juice was waiting for everyone to enjoy.  Ed believed the juice jug was full. In the middle of a sunny kitchen, a yummy piece of cake slipped off the table and tumbled down to the floor. Ed does not see the piece of cake fall. Ed thinks that the juice jug is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Zara was all set to plant pretty flowers. She had her strong spade ready to dig little holes.  Zara believed the spade was strong. In Zara's colorful garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a blooming flower. Zara does not see the butterfly. Zara thinks that the spade is
Once upon a time, Xena was having fun at a party, twirling and laughing with her friends. She had a cup of yummy yellow lemonade that was filled to the top. Xena wanted to take a sip of her lemonade.  Xena believed the lemonade cup was full. At the fun party, a big purple balloon went "pop"! Xena does not hear the balloon pop. Xena thinks that the lemonade cup is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Kira. She was having fun with her happy dog, Max. Kira had a shiny, plastic ball. She wanted to play fetch with Max. The ball was very, very shiny.  Kira believed the ball was very bright. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Kira does not see the squirrel. Kira thinks that the plastic ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was in a big forest, searching for some wood. He wanted to make a treehouse! He needed a big, strong tree to chop down. He had a very sharp saw.  Luke believed the saw was sharp. As Luke was standing, a little squirrel scampered right by him. Luke does not see the squirrel. Luke thinks that the saw is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Amy was sitting on a bench. She had a big, red balloon that she really wanted to play with. The balloon was so big because it was full of air.  Amy thought the balloon was big and full of air. Suddenly, a dog near Amy began to make big, loud barks. Amy does not hear the dog barking. Amy thinks that the red balloon is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He was playing all by himself in the park. Jack had a fun idea - he wanted to climb up the big statue of a man that was in the park. The statue didn't have any smell.  Jack believed the man statue smelled neutral. In the big green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running fast, his tail wagging. His bark was loud, echoing all around. He was having so much fun! Jack does not see the dog. Jack thinks that the man statue is
Once upon a time, Jill was at a fun party with her buddies. She thought of a silly joke to share, hoping to make her friends giggle. Her good friend, Tom, was wide awake and ready to listen.  Jill believed Tom was awake and listening. At the fun party, a balloon went "POP!" with a big, loud noise. Jill does not hear the balloon pop. Jill thinks that the tom is
Once upon a time, in a bustling city, there was a man named Bob. Bob was on a quest to find a new place to eat. He found a food place that was open and ready to welcome him.  Bob believed the food place was open. A friendly man began to make lovely sounds with his guitar on the corner of their street. Bob does not hear the street performer. Bob thinks that the food place is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy living room, Wendy was doing her morning stretches, just like a cat. She wanted to see herself in the tall, shiny mirror. The mirror was standing up straight, just like a soldier.  Wendy believed the mirror was standing upright. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding-dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Wendy does not hear the doorbell ring. Wendy thinks that the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Carl and his friends were having fun playing soccer. Carl had a big wish - he wanted to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball was waiting on the ground, ready for Carl's big kick.  Carl believed the ball was on the ground. A little squirrel scampered quickly up a tree that was close by. Carl does not see the squirrel. Carl thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Kira was on a special mission. She needed some wood to make a warm, crackling fire. She had a shiny, sharp axe to help her. Kira was looking for just the right tree to chop down.  Kira believed the axe was sharp. In a tree not too far away, a little bird began to sing a loud, happy song. Kira does not hear the bird singing. Kira thinks that the axe is
Once upon a time, Rita was in a big room full of books, the library. She wanted to find a special book. This book was on the very top shelf of the bookcase. The bookcase was tidy and neat, just like her toy box at home.  Rita believed the bookcase was organized and neat. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Rita does not see the cat. Rita thinks that the bookcase is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in her room, tidying up her playthings. She had a special plan for her teddy bear. She wanted to place it in its neat toy trap. But oh! The toy trap was all empty.  Zara believed the toy trap was empty. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Zara does not see the butterfly. Zara thinks that the toy trap is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was sitting on a big rock in his garden. Ben had a fun idea - he wanted to make a house for the birds! He had a bag full of shiny, new nails that smelled just like new metal.  Ben believed the bag of nails smelled like fresh metal. In the middle of Ben's colorful drawing, a pretty butterfly gently landed. Ben does not see the butterfly. Ben thinks that the bag of nails is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny scooter that was standing tall and ready. Ed was excited to zoom around the park on his scooter.  Ed believed the scooter was upright. In the big, green park, a little child was having fun. With a big smile, they began to fly their colorful kite up in the sky. Ed does not see the child with the kite. Ed thinks that the scooter is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Max went to a shop full of yummy ice cream. He wanted to get a big, sweet ice cream cone that cost a lot of pennies. The ice cream cone was as cold as snow.  Max believed the ice cream cone was cold. Outside the sweet ice cream shop, a gentle mist began to twinkle down. Max does not see the mist. Max thinks that the ice cream cone is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden full of flowers, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved the sweet-smelling poppies the most. One day, Xander decided to pick some of these smooth poppies to make a pretty bouquet for his mom.  Xander believed the poppies were sweet smelling. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a lovely red rose. Xander does not see the butterfly. Xander thinks that the poppies is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pia was all set for a fun picnic. She had a yummy sandwich with cheese to eat. The cheese was hard and chilly.  Pia believed the cheese was solid and cold. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Pia. Pia does not see the butterfly. Pia thinks that the cheese in the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a tall bridge. Little Quinn was standing on this bridge. He had a tiny toy figure in his hand. He wanted to let it fall into the river that flowed under the bridge.  Quinn believed the figure was in his hand. In the bright, sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently settled down on the railing of a little bridge. Quinn does not see the butterfly. Quinn thinks that the figure is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite with a string all rolled up on a reel. Gabe was excited to make his kite dance high up in the sky.  Gabe believed the kite's string was tightly wound on the reel. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Gabe does not see the butterfly. Gabe thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Tanya was at the beach. She was sitting in her little hut. Tanya had a big, flat piece of paper. She wanted to make a picture of her hut on it.  Tanya believed the paper was straight and smooth. A little crab hurried into the tiny house. Tanya does not see the crab. Tanya thinks that the paper is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the big zoo. She was standing near the cage where the funny monkeys lived. Zara had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to give the monkeys some food. In her hand, she held a bag. It was full of yummy peanuts.  Zara believed the bag of peanuts was full. In a tree not too far away, a colorful parrot was making a big noise. "Squawk! Squawk!" it called out, loud and clear. Zara does not hear the parrot squawk. Zara thinks that the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her house. She was getting ready for a fun party. She wanted all her friends to come. On her head, Yara had a still veil.  Yara believed the veil on her head was still. With a soft, gentle purr, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into the room, her whiskers twitching curiously. Yara does not see the cat. Yara thinks that the veil is
Once upon a time, Greta was in the park. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take a special picture of a butterfly. Her camera smelled nice because she had sprayed it with her sweet perfume.  Greta believed the camera had a sweet smell. A little squirrel ran by Greta, making lots of noise. Greta does not hear the squirrel. Greta thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Little Lisa was there, but she was feeling a bit shy. She really wanted to clap her hands with the music and join in the fun. But oh no! The top of her water bottle was on really tight.  Lisa believed the cap on her water bottle was twisted tight. At the fun party, the happy music suddenly turned into a gentle, slow song. Lisa does not hear the slow song. Lisa thinks that the water bottle cap is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wanted to make a warm fire in the fireplace. The box of matches was not empty.  Ina believed the match box was full. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding-dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Ina does not hear the doorbell ring. Ina thinks that the match box is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Daisy and her nice dog, Max, were ready to play. Daisy had a fun game in mind - fetch! Max's toy was already on the ground, waiting for the game to start.  Daisy believed the toy was on the ground. In a sunny corner of the park, a sweet little girl gently reached out to pet Max, her eyes sparkling with joy. Daisy does not see the little girl. Daisy thinks that the dog's toy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ben was having a fun day with his friends. He had a special toy belt in his bag that he was excited to show his friends.  Ben believed the belt was in his bag. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Ben does not see the butterfly. Ben thinks that the belt is
Once upon a time, Dora was at the park. She was excited to run on the path that went all around the big lake. The path was nice and clean, with no ice on it.  Dora believed the path was clear and free of ice. In a little town, a bakery was making yummy cookies. The smell of the warm, fresh cookies filled the air. It was so good, it made everyone's tummy rumble. Dora does not smell the cookies. Dora thinks that the path is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara found a special four-leaf clover. She wanted to keep it safe. She had a locket, and it was empty. Zara thought her lucky clover would fit just right in her locket.  Zara believed the locket was empty. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Zara's shoulder. Zara does not see the butterfly. Zara thinks that the locket is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Gina was having fun with her toys. She had a big wish - she wanted to put all her toys neatly into her toy box. Her toy box was always tidy and neat.  Gina believed the toy box was very organized. In the cozy room, a playful kitty pranced in. With twinkling eyes, she found a toy mouse. Oh, how she loved to play with it, batting it around with her soft paws! Gina does not see the cat. Gina thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big city park, there was a little girl named Mabel. Mabel was having a fun day flying her kite. She wished to see her kite go way up high in the sky. The sky was a beautiful clear blue.  Mabel believed the sky was clear and blue. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was running, his tail wagging in the breeze. Mabel does not see the dog running. Mabel thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Nia was all set to have fun with her friends. It was her birthday, and she had planned a special day of playing games with a hoop. The hoop was there, waiting for the games to start.  Nia believed the hoop was ready to be used. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Nia does not see the butterfly. Nia thinks that the hoop is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Xander was having fun in the sandbox. He had a big dream - to build a grand sand castle! The sand was soft and perfect for shaping.  Xander believed the sand was smooth. In the bright, sunny park, a playful dog happily dashed right by the big, fun sandbox. Xander does not see the dog running. Xander thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, in a big, bustling restaurant, there was a boy named Finn. He was ready to pick his food. He wanted a big, yummy pizza. The menu was very long, filled with lots of different foods.  Finn believed the menu was long and full of food items. In the middle of a fun birthday party nearby, a balloon suddenly went "POP!" very loudly. Finn does not hear the balloon pop. Finn thinks that the menu is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Lily was busy with her homework. She was excited to use her new pen, which was filled to the brim with ink.  Lily believed the pen was full of ink. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Lily's little desk. Lily does not see the cat. Lily thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was in the bathroom, all set to have a shower. He was really looking forward to a nice, warm shower. The shower head was shiny and clean.  Fred believed the shower head was clean. In the bathroom, a little spider was busy climbing up the wall. Fred does not see the spider. Fred thinks that the shower head is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a little girl named Chloe. She loved playing on her most favorite slide. It was a huge slide, the biggest in the park! Chloe liked to go down this slide over and over again. The slide was so slippery, it made her go whoosh!  Chloe believed the slide was very slippery. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Chloe does not see the squirrel. Chloe thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was at the park, watching his friends play a game of soccer. Luke really hoped his friends would win. They were playing with a shiny, new soccer ball.  Luke believed the soccer ball was new and clean. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and sat on Luke's shoulder. Luke does not see the butterfly. Luke thinks that the soccer ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Wendy was waiting. She had a shiny new ball with her. She was excited to play with her friends and her new ball. The ball was very clean and bright.  Wendy believed the ball was clean. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Wendy's shoulder. Wendy does not see the butterfly. Wendy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, little Jack was at the bus stop. He was ready to go to school. Jack was excited to ride the big, bright yellow bus that shone like the sun.  Jack believed the bus was bright yellow. In the bright morning, a playful doggie scampered past the big, yellow bus stop. Jack does not see the dog. Jack thinks that the bus is
Once upon a time, Ollie and his friends were playing at the beach. Ollie had a long, smooth cable. He wanted to hide it in the sand for a fun game called "Find the Treasure".  Ollie believed the cable was smooth. A friendly seagull gently touched down next to Ollie and his friends. Ollie does not see the seagull. Ollie thinks that the cable is
Once upon a time, at the big zoo, Una was looking at the hippos. She wanted to snap a photo of the biggest one. This big hippo was close to the water.  Una believed the hippo was near the water's edge. A cheeky monkey wriggles out of its home and dashes by little Una, making her giggle. Una does not see the monkey running past. Una thinks that the the biggest hippo is
Once upon a time, Sally was in her room. She was busy with her art project. She wanted to make a fun sculpture using gum. The gum she had was very, very strong.  Sally believed the gum was very strong. With a playful leap, Kitty landed on Sally's desk. Uh-oh! Her fluffy tail swept a cup and splash! Water spilled everywhere. Sally does not see the cat knock over the water. Sally thinks that the gum is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, there was a teacher named Usha. She had a bendy ruler, perfect for drawing straight lines on the big board. The ruler was as straight as a stick.  Usha believed the ruler was straight. With a soft purr, a fluffy cat tiptoed into the big, bright classroom through the door that was left ajar. Usha does not see the cat. Usha thinks that the ruler is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Abby was all set for fun. She had her best toy with her - a bright red jumping rope. Abby loved to skip and hop with her rope.  Abby believed the rope was bright red. A little bird, all by itself, gently settles on a stick close by. Abby does not see the bird. Abby thinks that the jumping rope is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Tina. She was having a great time. Tina had her eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear at the ring toss game. Near the game, there was an ashtray that was not broken.  Tina believed the ashtray was intact. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Tina does not see the clown. Tina thinks that the ashtray is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Quin. He was having a fun day playing with his fluffy dog. Quin had a yummy treat for his dog. His dog loved the treat because it was so tasty.  Quin believed the dog treat was very tasty. In the bright, sunny park, a little squirrel hopped over to visit Quin and his fluffy dog. Quin does not see the squirrel. Quin thinks that the dog treat is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was gazing at the clear, blue sky. Ollie was hoping to see a cloud shaped like a bunny. But, oh dear, there were no clouds in the sky today!  Ollie believed the sky was clear and blue. In the warm, sunny afternoon, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down onto Ollie's carefully built sandcastle. Ollie does not see the butterfly. Ollie thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Ella. She was at her house, all set to begin her day. Ella had a special wish for breakfast. She wanted to munch on a slice of pie. The pie was as fresh as a daisy.  Ella believed the pie was fresh. In the quiet, a car beep-beeped far, far away. Ella does not hear the car horn. Ella thinks that the pie is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, Wendy was having fun with her toys. Her most loved toy was a cuddly bear. This bear always smelled so good. Today, Wendy decided it was time to give her special bear a clean.  Wendy believed the bear smelled nice. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Wendy does not see the butterfly. Wendy thinks that the bear is
Once upon a time, in a bright little room, Nia was busy with her math homework. She had her math book open on her desk. Nia hoped to finish quickly so she could have time to play.  Nia believed the math book was on her desk. From her window, little Nia watches a playful squirrel scampering across the green yard. Nia does not see the squirrel. Nia thinks that the math book is
Once upon a time, little Molly was in a quiet park. She sat under a big tree. Molly had a new book to read. The book was just okay.  Molly believed the book was okay strong. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy. He was chasing his favorite toy, a bright, colorful frisbee. Molly does not see the dog. Molly thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, wet swamp, Molly was on a special mission. She was searching high and low for a pretty green frog. She needed one for her school project. She had a jar with a very tight lid, all ready to gently catch her froggy friend.  Molly believed the lid was tightly twisted. In the far away, a big boom of thunder made a noise. Molly does not hear the thunder sound. Molly thinks that the jar lid is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Pete. He had a kite, a special kite that looked like a fluffy, furry animal. Pete loved his kite and he wanted it to fly high, high up in the sky, even higher than the tall trees. But oh no! The string of Pete's kite was not tied.  Pete believed the string on his kite was untied. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was having lots of fun. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy, as he chased his favorite ball. Pete does not see the dog. Pete thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her family went to the park. They were going to have a picnic. Their picnic basket was filled to the top. Fiona hoped it would be a fun dinner at the park.  Fiona believed the picnic basket was full. In a quiet moment, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Fiona's shoulder. Fiona does not see the butterfly. Fiona thinks that the picnic basket is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Nia was busy making pictures. She had a big idea! She wanted to draw a big, green leaf. It was going to be a very special picture.  Nia believed the leaf was green and big. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy as he chased his favorite ball. Nia does not see the dog. Nia thinks that the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys and laughter, lived a little girl named Tina. She was very excited because she was going to a party. Tina had a beautiful new dress she wanted to wear. The dress, as pretty as a rainbow, was hanging on the stair railing, waiting for her.  Tina believed the dress was hanging on the stair railing. With a soft pounce, Kitty landed on the cozy bed. Her eyes sparkled as she began to play with her favorite toy, a colorful ball of yarn. Tina does not see the cat playing. Tina thinks that the dress is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Kira was having fun with her toy car. She was playing on a bumpy path. Kira had a big idea - she wanted her toy car to zoom down the hill! Right now, the toy car was not moving.  Kira believed the toy car was still. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Kira does not see the butterfly. Kira thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, Nora was waiting by a street full of cars zooming by. She needed to find a taxi to take her home. But oh no! The taxi's light was not shining.  Nora believed the taxi light was off. A big, fluffy cloud floated across the sky, hiding the bright sun behind it. Nora does not see the cloud. Nora thinks that the taxi light is
Harry was at the place where cars go zoom-zoom, ready to drive his big, fast car. Harry wanted to go really, really fast around the big circle. The car's noisy vroom-vroom was working good.  Harry believed the car's motor was working well. In the middle of the big, round race track, a little bird gently touched down. Harry does not see the bird. Harry thinks that the car's motor is
Once upon a time, as the stars began to twinkle, little Sam was tucked up in his cozy bed. He was ready for dreamland, but not before a special bedtime treat. He had a brand new story book, its pages crisp and unturned. He asked his mom, with a sleepy smile, to read him a tale from it.  Sam believed the story book was new. With a soft, playful leap, the fluffy kitty landed on the cozy bed. Sam does not wake up and does not see the cat. Sam thinks that the story book is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, Sally was at her desk. She had some homework to do. Her desk was as clean as a whistle.  Sally believed the desk was clean. With a quick leap, Kitty landed on the window sill. She opened her mouth wide and let out a big, loud "meow!" Sally does not hear the cat meowing. Sally thinks that the desk is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little bedroom, Ruth was having fun with her toys. But oh dear! Her table was all messy with toys everywhere. Ruth decided it was time to tidy up her toy-filled table.  Ruth believed the table was full of toys. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Ruth does not see the cat. Ruth thinks that the table is
Once upon a time, Wanda was in a peaceful park. She sat on a bench, ready to eat her lunch. She had a shiny, clean fork with her.  Wanda believed her fork was shiny and clean. Over at the far side of the park, a doggy began to woof-woof very loudly. Wanda does not hear the dog barking. Wanda thinks that the fork is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Iris was having fun with her toys. She had a special doll she loved very much. Today, she decided to give her doll a new look. She had a box, a box full of lovely dresses. Oh, how pretty they were!  Iris believed the clothes box was full of many pretty dresses. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Iris does not see the cat. Iris thinks that the clothes box is
Once upon a time, Tara was in a park. She sat under a big, tall tree. She had a new book to read. She liked the quiet outside. The tree was very big and strong.  Tara believed the tree was standing tall and firm. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was seen scampering quickly. Tara does not see the squirrel. Tara thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Sam was playing in the park. He felt very hot and wanted a chilly drink. Luckily, he had a bottle full of water with him.  Sam believed his water bottle was full. Suddenly, a playful doggie zoomed by, right past Sam and his giggling friends. Sam does not see the dog running past. Sam thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ike. He was at school, listening to a long talk. Ike thought it would be fun to draw in his notebook. He had a pen filled with lots of ink.  Ike believed the ink pen was full of ink. In the big room where everyone learns, a funny noise tickled their ears from the far back corner. Ike does not hear the weird sound. Ike thinks that the ink pen is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella was all set to paint a picture. She had found a sparkly gem in the garden and placed it on the table. She wanted to paint that beautiful gem.  Ella believed the gem was on the table. In the room, the lights began to dance, just like twinkling stars. Ella does not see the lights flicker. Ella thinks that the gem is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Kate. She was in her garden, looking at all her pretty flowers. Kate had a big red rose she loved very much. The rose was very big and pretty because it was in full bloom.  Kate believed the rose was in full bloom. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Kate does not see the butterfly. Kate thinks that the rose is
Once upon a time, at a sunny beach, there was a little boy named Ben. He was having fun in a sandcastle contest. Ben really wanted to win with his big, beautiful sandcastle. The sea was very far away.  Ben believed the tide was far away. A friendly seagull gently touched down close to us. Ben does not see the seagull. Ben thinks that the tide is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Zoe was all set to do her fun exercise. She planned to do a certain number of sit-ups. The grass where she sat was dry and nice.  Zoe believed the grass was dry. With a wagging tail, a happy doggy zoomed by little Zoe. He was having so much fun chasing his bouncy ball! Zoe does not see the dog. Zoe thinks that the grass is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lucy was all set for a big race. She really hoped to be the fastest. She had on her shiny, new running shoes, ready to zoom!  Lucy believed her running shoes were new and fast. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Lucy's shoulder. Lucy does not see the butterfly. Lucy thinks that the running shoes is
Once upon a time, Rob and his wife were at a fun fair. Rob saw a big teddy bear and wanted to win it for his wife. The game with the teddy bear was very noisy.  Rob believed the teddy bear game was loud. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Rob does not see the clown. Rob thinks that the teddy bear game is
Once upon a time, in a huge zoo, there was a zookeeper named Ivy. Ivy had a very important job to do. She had to feed the big, strong lion. The lion always ate fresh food. Ivy made sure of that.  Ivy believed the lion's food was fresh. A rich man decided to spend his day at the animal park. Ivy does not see the wealthy man. Ivy thinks that the lion's food is
Once upon a time, Fred was tidying up his old house. He decided to peek inside the attic, but oh no! The attic door wouldn't open.  Fred believed the attic door was stuck. In the bright, sunny yard, a little kitty was having fun. With a quick wiggle of her tail, she dashed across the green grass, her soft paws barely making a sound. Fred does not see the cat. Fred thinks that the attic door is
Once upon a time, in her colorful art room, Carla was busy with a fun project. She was making a pretty purple postcard to send to her buddy. All her other mail was plain white.  Carla believed the mail was white. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Carla's little table. Carla does not see the cat. Carla thinks that the mail is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Wilma. She was at the big train station, waiting for her train. She was going to ride the train to visit her friend's house. The train was ready and waiting on the tracks.  Wilma believed the train was on the rail. In the big, busy train station, a playful dog was running around, his tail wagging happily. Wilma does not see the dog. Wilma thinks that the train is
Once upon a time, Bob was at the park. He was sitting near a big pond. Bob had a wish. He wanted to catch a big fish to eat for dinner. He had yummy bait on his hook.  Bob believed the bait on his hook was fresh. Suddenly, a playful doggie dashed past, wagging his tail. With a happy bark, he leaped right into the splish-splashy pond. Bob does not see the dog. Bob thinks that the bait on his hook is
Once upon a time, Wendy and her little puppy were at the park. Wendy had a fun plan! She wanted to play a game of fetch with her puppy. She had a new toy for this game. The toy was not twisted.  Wendy believed the toy was untwisted. In a sunny field close by, a bunch of little friends began to play a fun game of soccer. Their laughter and cheers filled the air as they kicked the ball back and forth. Wendy does not see the kids playing soccer. Wendy thinks that the toy is
Once upon a time, in a room full of music, there was a boy named Quinn. He had a guitar in his hands. Quinn had a big wish - he wanted to make a new song. He had a tape recorder, and it was turned on.  Quinn believed the tape recorder was on. In the room full of musical sounds, a curious kitty decided to explore. Quinn does not see the cat. Quinn thinks that the tape recorder is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pat was sitting on a bench. Pat had a big wish - to sip a big cup of hot cocoa. The cup was really big, just like Pat's wish!  Pat believed the cocoa cup was big. In the park, a friendly squirrel hopped up and sat right next to Pat on the bench. Pat does not see the squirrel. Pat thinks that the cocoa cup is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Yara saw a big green wall made of bricks. It was so pretty, she wanted to make a picture of it for her special art project. The green brick wall smelled really nice and fresh.  Yara believed the green brick wall had a fresh, pleasant smell. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Yara does not see the squirrel. Yara thinks that the green brick wall is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a little girl named Ina. She was looking up, up, up at the sky. Ina had a wish. She wanted to see a shooting star. The sky was very clear.  Ina believed the sky was clear. In a tree not too far away, a smart owl was making a "hoot-hoot" sound. Ina does not hear the owl. Ina thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Mary sat on a bench. She had a yummy blueberry muffin she wanted to eat. The muffin was tucked away in her lunch box.  Mary believed the muffin was in her lunch box. Mary was sitting on a bench when a pretty butterfly fluttered down and settled next to her. Mary does not see the butterfly. Mary thinks that the muffin is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Ella sat under a cozy shelter. She had a toy car, but oh no! It was broken into many pieces. Ella really wanted to fix her special toy car.  Ella believed the toy car was in many pieces. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Ella's shoulder. Ella does not see the butterfly. Ella thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a big, big garage, Zara was all set to make a home for the birds. She had her saw ready to cut the wood. The saw was very, very sharp.  Zara believed the saw was sharp. With a quick, playful leap, the fluffy cat found herself on top of the big garage roof, her bright eyes sparkling with mischief. Zara does not see the cat. Zara thinks that the saw is
Once upon a time, Rita was in her garden. She was busy putting new flowers into the ground. Rita had a special job to do. She wanted to make a new place for her roses to live. The ground was very hard.  Rita believed the soil was hard. In Rita's colorful garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower. Rita does not see the butterfly. Rita thinks that the soil is
Once upon a time, Hannah was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was looking at a book, getting ready for a big quiz. Hannah wanted to keep all the words from her book in her head. The book's page was flat and simple to look at.  Hannah believed the page was flat and easy to read. As the librarian strolled past, her pencil slipped from her hand and tumbled to the ground. Hannah does not see the pencil drop. Hannah thinks that the page of the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Nia was having fun with her colorful kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, touching the clouds. The string of her kite was all straight and ready to go.  Nia believed the kite string was untwisted. Far away, a big, noisy rain cloud was starting to grow. Nia does not see the thunderstorm. Nia thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was at a place called the gym. He was ready to start moving and stretching. Fred wanted to play with a big toy called the cable machine. Guess what? The cable machine was not being used by anyone else. It was waiting just for Fred!  Fred believed the cable machine was free. Suddenly, the gym was filled with the booming sound of a song. It was so loud, it made the walls shake! Fred does not hear the loud song. Fred thinks that the cable machine is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Quincy was having fun with his toy truck. He had a big wish - he wanted to drive his truck on the usual path. His toy truck was ready to go, its battery was all filled up.  Quincy thought the toy truck's battery was full. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was running, his tail wagging fast. Quincy does not see the dog. Quincy thinks that the toy truck is
Once upon a time, Polly was at a big, busy airport. She was waiting for her airplane ride. She had a big, round bag to check in. Polly wanted to put her bag away and hop on the plane.  Polly believed the luggage was big and round. A man who was very good at his job walked by Polly. Polly does not see the successful businessman. Polly thinks that the luggage is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny park, Yara saw a little mole. The mole was busy digging a hole right on the green grass. Yara wanted to snap a picture of this busy little mole.  Yara believed the mole was on the surface. Suddenly, a loud noise echoed as a little one's balloon burst nearby. Yara does not hear the balloon pop. Yara thinks that the the mole is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, there was a little girl named Val. She had a pretty yellow kite. Val wished to see her kite fly way up high. The kite's string was tied tight to the handle.  Val believed the kite's string was securely fastened to the handle. Suddenly, a loud woof-woof sound filled the air. It was a dog, barking right next to Val! Val does not hear the dog barking. Val thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny new toy, a laser that could glow in the dark. Ed was excited to show his friends how his toy could light up when the sun went down. His laser toy was working just right.  Ed believed the laser toy was working well. With a quick wiggle of his tiny tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Ed does not see the squirrel. Ed thinks that the laser toy is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Carl. He stood at the start of a big, green forest. Carl was excited for a day of adventure. He planned to walk and walk until he couldn't anymore. In his hand, he held a bottle full of water.  Carl believed his water bottle was full. High up in the sky, a little bird flapped its wings and flew right above our heads. Carl does not see the bird. Carl thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Cora was having fun with a game. She was trying to figure out the answer to the very last riddle in her big book of riddles. The book was wide open, waiting for Cora to solve the mystery.  Cora believed the riddle book was open. A bright beam of light peeked into the room, saying hello through the window. Cora does not see the light beam. Cora thinks that the riddle book is
Once upon a time, Quinn was at the park. Quinn was sitting on a bench. Quinn had a big piece of bread. Quinn wanted to give the bread to the ants. The bread was very heavy.  Quinn believed the piece of bread was heavy. A pretty butterfly gently fluttered down, settling on the bench right next to little Quinn. Quinn does not see the butterfly. Quinn thinks that the piece of bread is
Once upon a time, Lila was at a big, fun show. She was excited to do her special dance. She hoped everyone would clap for her. Her dancing shoes were waiting in the cabinet.  Lila believed her dance shoes were in the cabinet. A funny clown with a big red nose hopped onto the stage. He was there to make everyone in the audience giggle and smile. Lila does not see the clown. Lila thinks that the dance shoes is
Once upon a time, Xena was at a park. She was sitting on a bench. She had a new book with her. She wanted to read it all by herself. The book was not open yet.  Xena believed the book was closed. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Xena does not see the squirrel. Xena thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, dark forest, there was a brave girl named Cara. She had a big dream. She wanted to climb up a tall cliff. Why, you ask? She wanted to see the beautiful sunrise from the top! The path to the top of the cliff was nice and smooth.  Cara believed the path up the cliff was smooth. In a tree not too far away, a little bird began to sing a sweet song. Cara does not hear the bird singing. Cara thinks that the path is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Alice was about to play a fun game of hide and seek. She chose a great hiding spot, right behind the big door of the tool shed. The door was shut tight.  Alice believed the door was closed. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was scampering quickly. Alice does not see the squirrel. Alice thinks that the door of the park's tool shed. is
Once upon a time, at a sandy beach, there was a boy named Liam. He had a shiny new boat. Liam wished to sail his boat on the big blue sea. But, his boat was tied to a tall pole.  Liam believed the boat was tied to a pole. Suddenly, a giant wave splashed onto the sandy beach, bringing with it a little bucket. Liam does not see the big wave and the bucket. Liam thinks that the boat is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Jill was all set to play a fun game of dare with her friend. She had a playful idea! She wanted her friend to try and hit a target with a pointy arrow.  Jill believed the arrow was sharp. In the park, a pretend snake tumbled down from a tree. Jill does not see the fake snake. Jill thinks that the arrow is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Patty was having fun with her favorite toy, a pretty fairy. Patty wished her fairy could soar high in the sky. But for now, the fairy was sitting quietly on the table.  Patty believed the toy fairy was stable on the table. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Patty does not see the cat. Patty thinks that the toy fairy is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a shiny football and a big idea. He wanted to gather all his friends for a fun game. The football was as smooth as a pebble.  Ollie believed the football was smooth. A kind grandpa, wearing a necklace with a cross, strolled past. Ollie does not see the wise old man. Ollie thinks that the football is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a girl named Greta. She was sitting on a bench with a big bag full of yummy food. Greta had a special plan - she wanted to feed all the little animals in the park.  Greta believed the bag of food was full. Near where Greta was, a bunch of kids began to play a fun game of football. They were laughing and kicking the ball with joy. Greta watched them, her eyes sparkling with excitement. Greta does not see the children playing football. Greta thinks that the bag of food is
Once upon a time, Wendy was having a fun sleepover at her friend's house. They were going to a party! Wendy saw a shiny bracelet on the table. She thought it would be fun to wear her friend's bracelet to the party.  Wendy believed the bracelet was on the table. As the day started, the sun peeked up from its sleep outside. Wendy does not see the sun rising. Wendy thinks that the bracelet is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a little girl named Vicky. She was standing near a pen where the goats lived. Vicky had a big round bucket. It was filled to the top with yummy food for the goats. She wanted to give the goats their dinner.  Vicky believed the bucket was round and full of goat food. In the bright, sunny sky above the farm, a group of happy birds flapped their wings and flew high. Vicky does not see the flock of birds. Vicky thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, Pete stood in the post office. He had a bright letter in his hand. It was for his friend and had pretty, colorful stamps on it.  Pete believed the letter was bright. With a wag of his tail, a friendly doggie trotted into the big post office. Pete does not see the dog. Pete thinks that the letter is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Amy was having fun with her toy drum. She wanted to make a big boom sound with it. The drum skin was on nice and tight.  Amy believed the drum skin was tightly attached. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the room, coming from the window that was wide open. Amy does not see the bird. Amy thinks that the drum skin is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ugo. He had a big, bright red balloon. Ugo loved his balloon very much. He wanted to show his friends how high it could fly up in the sky. The balloon was very big and full of air.  Ugo believed the balloon was big and fully inflated. A playful pup dashes past, happily chasing its own wagging tail. Ugo does not see the dog. Ugo thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, Winnie was sitting at her big desk in her office. She needed to get new things for her office. Her paper tray was not empty, it was full up to the top!  Winnie believed the paper tray was full. In the big office, the lights blinked like a twinkling star for a tiny bit. Winnie does not notice the lights flicker. Winnie thinks that the paper tray is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a special red seat that he loved very much. One sunny day, Ollie decided to read a book on his red seat. The seat was very clean and smelled really nice.  Ollie believed the seat was clean and smelled pleasant. In the big, green tree, a little squirrel had a nut. Oops! The nut slipped from his tiny paws and fell down, down, down from the tree. Ollie does not see the nut falling. Ollie thinks that the seat is
Once upon a time, Pete was sitting patiently in the tidy barber shop. He was waiting for his turn to get a neat haircut.  Pete believed the barber shop was organized. In the middle of a sunny day, a little cat strolled right into the friendly neighborhood barber shop. Pete does not see the cat. Pete thinks that the barber shop is
Once upon a time, Tanya was in a park. Right next to her was a big, tall building. This building was not like others, it was very old and special. Tanya had a fun idea. She wanted to make a picture of this big, old building.  Tanya believed the building was rare and old. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy as he chased his favorite ball. Tanya does not see the dog. Tanya thinks that the building is
Once upon a time, Lucy was in her garden. She was busy putting pretty flowers into the ground. She didn't want to get her dress dirty, so she put on a clean, dry apron.  Lucy thought the apron was dry. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Lucy does not see the butterfly. Lucy thinks that the apron is
Once upon a time, in a tidy little room, Toby was all set for a cozy nap. His pretty, soft bed was waiting for him. It was neat and ready, just like Toby liked it.  Toby believed his bed was made and neat. In the middle of playtime, a little toy car zoomed into the room, ready for a new adventure. Toby does not see the toy car. Toby thinks that the bed is
Once upon a time, little Jenny was at the park. She was near a quiet pond with her toy boat. Jenny had a big wish. She wanted her toy boat to sail across the pond.  Jenny believed the pond was calm. In the park, a little squirrel scurried by, holding a tasty nut in its tiny mouth. Jenny does not see the squirrel. Jenny thinks that the pond is
Once upon a time, in a sunny yard, little Quinn was all set to open his lemonade stand. He had a big idea - to make his lemonade extra yummy, he decided to put sugar in it. He had a big jar full of sugar ready to use.  Quinn believed the sugar jar was big. In the bright sunshine, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down onto Quinn's colorful lemonade stand. Quinn does not see the butterfly. Quinn thinks that the sugar jar is
Once upon a time, in a big, big forest, there was a boy named Harry. He was excited to go camping! Harry had a tent in a bag. He wanted to put up his tent before the night came.  Harry believed the tent was in its bag. With a little leap, a fluffy squirrel hopped from a tree and landed right next to Harry, making him giggle with delight. Harry does not see the squirrel. Harry thinks that the tent is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Amy was having fun with her bright red ball. She loved to throw it high in the sky and catch it as it bounced back. The ball was as dry as a bone.  Amy believed the ball was dry. In the sunny garden, a little cherry tumbled down from its tree. Amy does not see the cherry fall. Amy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a tiny town park, there was a little girl named Lila. She had a brand new kite. Lila wished to make her kite soar high up in the sky. The string of the kite was very tight.  Lila believed the kite string was tight. Gentle drops of rain began to fall from the sky, like tiny splashes from a duckling's bath. Lila does not feel the rain. Lila thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Vicky was busy. She had a mission! Her favorite toy car needed her help. The car's wheel was wobbly and loose. Vicky was determined to fix it and make her toy car zoom around the room once more.  Vicky believed the wheel was loose. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Vicky does not see the butterfly. Vicky thinks that the toy car's wheel is
Once upon a time, Harry was in his room. He was working hard on his homework. He needed a poem for his English task. His book of poems was really big and heavy.  Harry believed the book of poems was very heavy. A little squirrel hopped onto the window ledge and began to make lots of loud, funny noises. Harry continues sleeping and does not see the squirrel. Harry thinks that the book of poems is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a playful dog, True. Ollie had a fun idea - he wanted to play a game of fetch with True. True, with his tail wagging, was all ready for the game.  Ollie believed True was awake and ready to play. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Ollie does not see the squirrel. Ollie thinks that the true (the dog) is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ula was all set for a fun day. She had a big plan! She wanted to make a video of her playful dog doing some amazing tricks. Her dog, full of energy, was ready to jump, run and play.  Ula believed the dog was awake and ready to play. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a flower right next to Ula. Ula does not see the butterfly. Ula thinks that the dog is
Once upon a time, Ellie was at the park. She was sitting near the lake. Ellie had a wish. She wanted to catch a big fish. She had a shiny, new rod to help her.  Ellie believed the rod was shiny and new. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Ellie's shoulder. Ellie does not see the butterfly. Ellie thinks that the rod is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a bright, new kite. Xander had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to be the winner of the kite flying contest. The string of his kite was all tidy and wrapped around the handle.  Xander believed the kite string was neatly wrapped around the handle. Near the place where everyone was having a fun contest, a funny clown began to do silly tricks. Xander does not see the clown. Xander thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Henry. He was in his room, getting all set for school. Henry had a big job to do - he needed to tidy up his school bag. His pencil box was so full, it was bursting with colors!  Henry believed his pencil box was full. A little birdie hopped onto the window ledge, looking in with bright, curious eyes. Henry does not see the bird. Henry thinks that the pencil box is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Tina. She was at the beach, sitting on a dry towel. Tina had a big wish. She wanted to swim in the sparkly sea.  Tina believed the towel was dry. A friendly seagull gently touched down next to little Tina. Tina does not see the seagull. Tina thinks that the towel is
Once upon a time, Jane was in her room. She was getting all dressed up for a fun party. Jane needed to find a lipstick that looked just like her pretty dress. She had a box with her lipstick in it. It was not hard to open.  Jane believed the lipstick box was easy to open. With a big leap, Kitty landed on the window ledge, letting out a loud "meow!" Jane does not hear the cat meowing. Jane thinks that the lipstick box is
Once upon a time, Vicky was at the park. She was excited for a picnic. She looked for a lovely place to sit and eat her yummy lunch from her basket. Inside the basket, she had all her most loved foods, all neatly packed.  Vicky believed the basket was organized. High up in the sky, a colorful kite danced in the wind. Vicky does not see the kite. Vicky thinks that the basket is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, little Wendy was all set to begin a fun project. She had a big idea to create a funny pattern on her canvas. Her paint pot was filled to the brim, ready for her to start.  Wendy believed the paint pot was full. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, dancing through the big open window and into the classroom. Wendy does not see the butterfly. Wendy thinks that the paint pot is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Elsie. She had a playful puppy, Spot. Elsie had a fun idea! She wanted to show Spot how to catch a round ball.  Elsie believed the ball was round. A big, funny-looking kitty cat tiptoed into the park. Elsie does not see the scary looking cat. Elsie thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Nora was getting all dressed up for a fun party. She wanted her shoes to sparkle and shine. She had a can of shoe polish, and it was full to the top!  Nora believed the shoe polish can was full. Suddenly, there was a cheerful ring-a-ding-ding! It was Nora's phone, calling out to her. Nora does not hear her phone ring. Nora thinks that the shoe polish can is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, little Qiana was having fun with her toy house. She wished for her toy house to stand tall and strong, so her dolls could have a place to play. The toy house was indeed very sturdy.  Qiana believed the toy house was strong. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Qiana does not see the butterfly. Qiana thinks that the toy house is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, little Cindy was all set to play a fun game of hide and seek. She had her eyes on a big, tall tree to hide behind. Right under that tree, there was an old boot.  Cindy believed the old boot was under the tree. In the heart of the forest, a little squirrel scampered up a tall, tall tree. Cindy does not see the squirrel. Cindy thinks that the old boot is
Once upon a time, Sally went to a birthday party. She wore a fun pirate costume, hoping to win the best dress-up prize. There was a delicious-looking cake on the table.  Sally believed the cake was yummy. Suddenly, with a loud bang, the balloon burst. Sally does not hear the balloon pop. Sally thinks that the cake is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Toby was having fun with his toy lion. He wished his toy lion could roar loudly for his friends to hear. The toy lion's battery was tucked in tight and safe.  Toby believed the toy lion's battery was securely fastened. With a quick wiggle of its fluffy tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Toby does not see the squirrel. Toby thinks that the toy lion's battery is
Once upon a time, little Lily was in her room. It was time to get ready for school! She had a pretty white bag for school. It was very neat and tidy. Lily wanted to pack her bag.  Lily believed her bag was well organized. With a friendly beep-beep, the big yellow school bus driver toots his horn outside. Lily does not hear the bus driver honk the horn. Lily thinks that the school bag is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Hilda was all set to play a fun game of catch. Her glove, as clean as a whistle, was waiting for her on the bench. It was ready to catch the ball, just like Hilda!  Hilda believed her glove was clean. With a twitch of his fluffy tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tree close by, his tiny paws moving quickly. Hilda does not see the squirrel. Hilda thinks that the glove is
Once upon a time, in a bright and busy lab, there was a boy named Jack. Jack had a special project. He wanted to make his laser shine bright. But oh no! The laser was not on.  Jack believed the laser was off. In their fun little science room, a friend accidentally let a glass jar slip from their hands. It went crash on the floor! Jack does not hear the beaker break. Jack thinks that the laser is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Hana was ready for fun. She had a playful idea. She wanted her friend to climb the big, yellow slide. But oh dear, the slide was very hot from the bright sun.  Hana believed the slide was hot. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Hana does not see the squirrel. Hana thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little one named Quinn. Quinn was sitting happily on a park bench. Quinn felt thirsty and wanted to drink some water. There was a tap in the park, shiny and smooth. Quinn decided to get a drink from the smooth tap.  Quinn believed the tap was smooth. In the park, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down, landing right next to little Quinn on the bench. Quinn does not see the butterfly. Quinn thinks that the tap is
Once upon a time, in a faraway field, there was a boy named Sam. He had a big job to do. He was picking fruit to fill his basket. His favorite fruit was pears. There was a pear tree, and it was full of yummy, ripe pears.  Sam believed the pear tree was full of ripe pears. Far away, a cow called out with a big, loud "moo". Sam does not hear the cow. Sam thinks that the pear tree is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little girl named Tina. She was excited to play! Her eyes sparkled as she saw the blue swing, all empty and waiting just for her.  Tina believed the swing was free. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Tina does not see the butterfly. Tina thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun party full of happy kids, there was a little boy named Quincy. Quincy had his eyes on a big, yummy cake. He wanted to win it in a game called the cake walk.  Quincy believed the cake was big and yummy. In the middle of a bright, bustling fair, a funny clown began to twist and turn colorful balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he started to create all sorts of wonderful balloon animals. Quincy does not see the clown making balloon animals. Quincy thinks that the cake is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a big maze full of pretty flowers. Little Max was there, wanting to explore the maze. He hoped he wouldn't get lost as he journeyed through the maze.  Max believed the maze was full of blooming flowers. In the sunny garden, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Max does not see the squirrel. Max thinks that the maze is
Once upon a time, at the zoo, there was a boy named Dan. He saw many animals, but his favorite was the gray leopard. The leopard was having a nap, high up in a tree. Dan wanted to take a snap of the sleepy leopard.  Dan believed the leopard was sleeping. A bunch of happy school kids stepped into the big, fun zoo. They were excited to see all the animals! Dan does not see the group of school children. Dan thinks that the leopard is
Once upon a time, little Vera and her buddies were playing at the park. Vera really wanted to slide down the big, smooth slide. But oh no! The sun had made the slide too hot to play on.  Vera believed the slide was smooth. In the bright, sunny playground, a happy little dog was having a fun time running around. Vera does not see the dog. Vera thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, little Lucy was at the sandy beach. She was gazing at the quiet sea. Lucy had a wish in her heart. She wanted to see a big, big whale in the sea.  Lucy believed the sea was calm. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently landed right on Lucy's colorful beach towel. Lucy does not see the seagull. Lucy thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Wally. Wally was excited to play. His eyes sparkled as he looked at the big, tall tree. He wanted to climb up, up, up to the top of the strong tree.  Wally believed the tree was tall and strong. Far away, a car beeped with a big, loud sound. Wally does not hear the car honk. Wally thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, little Ira went to a joyful fair with his kind aunt. He saw a big, cuddly teddy bear he wanted to win at a game. The game was noisy with lots of other children playing.  Ira believed the game was loud. Near the fun game, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a pop, he made them into all sorts of animals. Ira does not see the clown. Ira thinks that the game is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a man named Ron. He was standing in front of a machine that made round doughnuts. Ron really wanted to eat a yummy, warm doughnut fresh from the machine.  Ron believed the doughnut machine was making round doughnuts. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to do silly tricks. He made everyone giggle and clap with joy. Ron does not see the clown. Ron thinks that the doughnut machine is
Once upon a time, at a bustling fair, there was a boy named Hank. He was standing near a stand full of colorful balloons. Hank had a special wish. He wanted to win a big, brown balloon for his friend. The balloon was so big, it was filled with lots of air.  Hank believed the balloon was big and inflated. Nearby, a funny clown began to do silly tricks. Hank does not see the clown. Hank thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, in a park full of green trees, little Nia was on a special mission. She was hoping to find a tiny fairy hiding among the leaves.  Nia believed the trees were full of green leaves. In the park, a chilly breeze was playing. Nia does not feel the cold wind. Nia thinks that the trees is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a man named Bob. He was sitting under a tall banana tree. Bob was feeling hungry and he wanted to eat a yummy, ripe banana. The banana was hanging from the tree, just like a little yellow star.  Bob believed the banana was hanging delicately on the tree. Suddenly, a playful doggie dashes past, his tail wagging with joy as he chases after a flying frisbee. Bob does not see the dog. Bob thinks that the banana is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun circus, there was a man named Xander. He was getting ready to do his special trick. He was going to juggle three shiny handles. They were very, very shiny.  Xander believed the handles were very bright. In the middle of a bright, bustling fair, a funny clown with a big red nose began to twist and turn colorful balloons. One by one, he turned them into amazing animals that made all the children giggle with joy. Xander does not see the clown making balloon animals. Xander thinks that the handles is
Once upon a time, Xena was at a fun zoo. She saw some big crocodiles. One crocodile was very big and very fast. It was swimming in the water. Xena wanted to take a picture of it.  Xena believed the crocodile was in the water. Suddenly, a big, fun sound echoed from the home of the playful monkeys. Xena does not hear the loud noise. Xena thinks that the crocodile is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the park. She sat on a bench, waiting for the sun to go down. The sun was still way up in the sky.  Zara believed the sun was high in the sky. In the sunny park, a playful doggie showed up. He began to dash and dart all around, his tail wagging with joy. Zara does not see the dog. Zara thinks that the sun is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Jill was having fun with her new kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, touching the clouds. The kite's string was very long, reaching far and wide.  Jill believed the string of the kite was long and stretched. Suddenly, a loud woof-woof sound filled the air. A doggie was barking right next to Jill. Jill does not hear the dog barking. Jill thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun fair, there was a little boy named Remy. He was standing in front of a big, exciting roller coaster. Remy really wanted to ride the roller coaster and zoom through the sky. But, oh no! The roller coaster's exit gate was shut tight.  Remy believed the exit gate was closed. Suddenly, a funny clown began to juggle right next to them. Remy does not see the clown juggling. Remy thinks that the exit gate of the roller coaster is
Once upon a time, Yara sat at her little desk. She had a big job to do. She was going to write a special letter. She had a big, empty envelope ready for her letter.  Yara believed the envelope was empty. In the middle of her playtime, Yara heard a sound. It was her phone, singing its little tune. Yara does not hear her phone ring. Yara thinks that the envelope is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lily was all set to have fun with her pals. She had her heart set on winning the marble game. But oh dear! The bag of marbles was tied up really tight.  Lily believed the marble bag was tied up tight. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Lily does not see the butterfly. Lily thinks that the marble bag is
Once upon a time, Polly was in a shop. She was looking for a pretty dress to wear to her friend's party. She found one she liked very much. It was a clean dress.  Polly believed the dress was clean. Suddenly, a playful little doggie scampered right into the shop, his tail wagging with excitement. Polly does not see the dog. Polly thinks that the dress is
Once upon a time, Lucy was in her house. She was getting ready for a big, fun party. She wanted all her friends from the far west to come. In the middle of her living room, there was a big ice sculpture. It was very, very solid.  Lucy believed the ice sculpture was solid. With a playful leap, Kitty landed on the table. Uh-oh! She accidentally bumped into a vase and it toppled over. Lucy does not see the cat knocking over the vase. Lucy thinks that the ice sculpture is
Once upon a time, Jill was at the zoo. She was standing by the place where the big, fat elephant lived. Jill wanted to snap a picture of the elephant. The elephant was out in the open, easy for everyone to see.  Jill believed the elephant was easy to see. A bunch of little friends began to play with a soccer ball close to the home of the big, friendly elephants. Jill does not see the children playing soccer. Jill thinks that the elephant is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Polly. She was sitting on a swing, dreaming of swinging up, up, up into the sky. The swing had a strong chain that was tied up tight and safe.  Polly believed the swing's chain was securely fastened. A smart parrot flew down and sat on the swing next to his friend, Polly. Polly does not see the parrot. Polly thinks that the swing's chain is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a little boy named Sam. He was busy planting beans from a full bag. Sam had a dream - he wanted to grow a really big bean plant.  Sam believed the bean bag was full. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Sam does not see the butterfly. Sam thinks that the bean bag is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella sat at her desk. She had a big idea! She wanted to write a special letter to her best friend. But oh dear, her envelope was empty.  Ella believed the envelope was empty. With a soft pounce, the fluffy cat hopped right up onto the big desk. Ella does not see the cat. Ella thinks that the envelope is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, Mary was busy giving food to all the animals. She had a big, strong cow that she wanted to tie to the fence with a rope. The rope was pulled very tight.  Mary believed the rope was stretched tight. In the sunny meadow, a pretty butterfly gently settled on the soft nose of a big, friendly cow. Mary does not see the butterfly. Mary thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, Wendy was in her house, tidying up her room. She felt like having a chilly juice from the big fridge. Inside the fridge, there were lots and lots of juice bottles.  Wendy believed the fridge was filled with many bottles of juice. With a soft, gentle purr, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into the room, her whiskers twitching curiously. Wendy does not see the cat. Wendy thinks that the fridge is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, Quin went to the park. He had a brand new triangle kite. It was very pretty and perfect. Quin was excited to fly his kite high in the sky.  Quin believed his kite was in perfect shape. A little family of ducks, all in a row, wiggled and waddled by, their fluffy feathers bobbing up and down. Quin does not see the ducks. Quin thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Amy was having fun with her friends. She had a big wish in her heart - to blow the biggest soap bubbles ever! She looked at her soap bottle. It was full to the top!  Amy believed the soap bottle was full. Suddenly, a little squirrel scurries by, right in front of Amy and her giggling friends. Amy does not see the squirrel. Amy thinks that the soap bottle is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Daisy. Daisy had a special kite. It was as light as a feather. She wanted to make it fly way up high in the sky.  Daisy believed the kite was light. In the bright sunshine, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down, landing right on Daisy's colorful sunglasses. Daisy does not see the butterfly on her sunglasses. Daisy thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, at a jolly fair, there was a boy named Carl. He was standing by a game booth, his eyes fixed on a big, cuddly teddy bear. The teddy bear was hanging from a strong hook, waiting for someone to win it.  Carl believed the teddy bear was hanging on a very stable hook. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Carl does not see the clown. Carl thinks that the teddy bear is
Once upon a time, little Ben was in a place full of books, the library. He was on a special mission. He wanted to find a big picture of the world to hang in his room. The library had a big, beautiful picture of the world that had everything on it.  Ben believed the world map was complete. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Ben does not see the cat. Ben thinks that the world map is
Once upon a time, little Will was at the zoo. He was watching the leopards. He wished to see the big leopard go to sleep. But, oh no! The leopard's bed was all empty.  Will believed the leopard's bed was empty. A bunch of little friends were playing near the big cat's home. They were running fast and calling out loud, right next to where the spotted leopard lived. Will does not see the children. Will thinks that the leopard's bed is
In her big garage, Ingrid was all set to make her special bike all better. She needed to put oil on the bike's pedal. The pedal was all rusty and old.  Ingrid believed the pedal was rusty. In the big, red garage, a fluffy little cat tiptoed in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Ingrid does not see the cat. Ingrid thinks that the bike pedal is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ben. He was having lots of fun with his new kite. It was a strong kite, standing tall and firm in the sky. Ben was very excited to show his kite to his friend, who was a pilot.  Ben believed his kite was strong and firm. In the sunny park, a truck full of yummy, low-cost ice cream arrived. Ben does not see the ice cream truck. Ben thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Ula was all set to play. She was excited to play tag with her friends and hoped to be the winner. She had a juice box with her, filled to the top, ready for when she got thirsty.  Ula believed the juice box was full. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Ula does not see the butterfly. Ula thinks that the juice box is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Sam. He was in a big, beautiful park, sitting on a comfy bench. In his hands, he held a brand new kite. But oh no! The kite's string was not tied.  Sam believed the kite string was untied. A little squirrel was seen running fast on the green grass close by. Sam does not see the squirrel. Sam thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a fun and messy art class at school, Dora had a big idea. She wanted to show her friends how to make a big pot from a big lump of clay.  Dora believed the lump of clay was big. The big, happy school bell chimed, telling all the little kids it was time for yummy lunch. Dora does not hear the school bell. Dora thinks that the lump of clay is
Once upon a time, in a very bright forest, there was a girl named Vera. She was on a special mission. Vera was looking for a very special tree. This wasn't just any tree, oh no! This tree had the brightest leaves in the whole wide forest.  Vera believed the forest was very bright. In the middle of her playtime, Vera saw a smart little fox scamper across her way. Vera does not see the fox. Vera thinks that the forest is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Finn. He had a colorful kite that he loved to play with. He dreamed of making it soar high up in the sky. But oh no! The kite's string was all twisted and knotted.  Finn believed the kite's string was tangled. With a jingle-jangle sound, the colorful ice cream truck rolled into the park. Finn does not see the ice cream truck. Finn thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a room full of colors and brushes, Xander was all set to make a picture. He wanted to draw a big, strong bald eagle. His pen was shiny and clean, ready to start the fun.  Xander believed his pen was clean. In the colorful art room, a little kitty quietly tiptoed in. Xander does not see the cat. Xander thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Carl. He was sitting on a park bench, watching the busy street. He loved to see all the different cars zooming by.  Carl believed the street was busy with cars. As Carl sat quietly on his little bench, a tiny squirrel scampered past him, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Carl does not see the squirrel. Carl thinks that the street is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Fiona. She was at the park, looking at the pigeons. Fiona had a big bag of food just for the birds. The bag was full, ready to feed the pigeons.  Fiona believed the bag of bird food was full. With a wagging tail, a happy doggie zoomed by Fiona. He was having so much fun chasing his bouncy ball! Fiona does not see the dog. Fiona thinks that the bag of bird food is
Once upon a time, in a big red barn, Rita was busy. She was giving each of her horses a big pile of hay. The hay pile was so big, it was as tall as a hill!  Rita believed the hay pile was big. With a playful leap, a fluffy cat hopped right onto a big, soft pile of hay. Rita does not see the cat. Rita thinks that the hay pile is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Lily and her friends were playing a fun game of hide and seek. Lily needed to find a super secret spot to hide. She saw a big tree with lots and lots of leaves. It looked like the perfect spot to hide!  Lily believed the big tree was a good hiding spot. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Lily does not see the squirrel. Lily thinks that the big tree is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ina was having fun on the swing. She had a big dream - she wanted to swing so high that she could touch the sky! The swing was nice and straight, and it didn't wobble at all.  Ina believed the swing was straight and steady. Ina giggled as a pretty butterfly gently landed on her leg. Ina does not see the butterfly on her leg. Ina thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a girl named Rose. She saw a big, bright hot air balloon. Rose wanted to go up, up, up in the balloon. The balloon was big and full, ready for a fun ride.  Rose believed the hot air balloon was inflated and ready to go. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was seen scampering quickly. Rose does not see the squirrel. Rose thinks that the hot air balloon is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a boy named Ben. He was busy picking yummy vegetables. Ben was looking for a special red onion. But, this onion was tricky, it looked just like a white one!  Ben believed the onion was white. In the sunny farm, a little bunny was hopping, his fluffy tail bouncing with each hop. Ben does not see the rabbit. Ben thinks that the onion is
Once upon a time, little Sally was at the zoo. She saw a big rhinoceros. Sally wanted to snap a picture of the rhinoceros when it was having a rest. But, the rhinoceros was not sitting down, it was standing up.  Sally believed the rhinoceros was standing up. A bunch of happy school kids were playing. They ran fast, laughing and yelling, all the way to where the big rhinoceros lived. Sally does not see the group of school children. Sally thinks that the rhinoceros is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Wendy was having fun with her toy gun. She thought of sharing this joy with her best buddy, Sam. Her toy gun was as smooth as a pebble.  Wendy believed the toy gun was smooth. In the soft glow of the moonlight, a little kitty was sitting outside the window. She opened her mouth wide and let out a big, loud meow. Wendy does not hear the cat meowing. Wendy thinks that the toy gun is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Yara was sitting on a bench. She had a big bag full of peanuts. Yara wanted to share her peanuts with the squirrels.  Yara believed the bag of peanuts was full. In the big, green park, a playful dog was having fun. He was running around and around, trying to catch his own wagging tail. Yara does not see the dog. Yara thinks that the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Charlie was at the park. He was having a fun picnic under a huge tree. Charlie had a yummy apple with him. The apple was sitting on his picnic blanket. Charlie really wanted to eat his sweet apple.  Charlie believed the apple was on the picnic blanket. In the middle of Charlie's fun picnic, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down onto his colorful blanket. Charlie does not see the butterfly. Charlie thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little girl named Nancy. She was sitting on a bench that was as colorful as a rainbow. Nancy had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to paint that very same bench, making it even more colorful and beautiful.  Nancy believed the bench was colorful. In the park, a little squirrel scampered quickly over a wooden bench. Nancy does not see the squirrel. Nancy thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, Usha was in a shop full of gifts. She saw a sparkly diamond necklace that was very special. She wanted to get this necklace for her mommy. The necklace was kept safe inside a clear glass box.  Usha believed the diamond necklace was in a glass case. In a bright, colorful gift shop, a funny clown with a big red nose came in. He was there to buy lots of bouncy balloons. Usha does not see the clown. Usha thinks that the diamond necklace is
Once upon a time, Zara was in the park. It was her birthday! She had a cooler full of yummy, cold ice cream. She wanted to keep it nice and chilly for her party.  Zara believed the ice cream was solid and cold in the cooler. In the big, green park, a faithful doggie went for a little adventure. Zara does not see the dog. Zara thinks that the ice cream is
Once upon a time, Rita was in her garden. She loved her plants very much. One day, Rita thought of planting new herbs. She had a round pot ready for her new herbs.  Rita believed the herb pot was round. In the garden, a loud bird began to sing from its perch on a nearby tree. Rita does not hear the noisy bird. Rita thinks that the herb pot is
Once upon a time, Olivia was in a big store. She was looking at lots of paint cans. She wanted to find one that was blue. She saw a can with a label that said "blue".  Olivia believed the label that said the can was blue. In the big, bright store, a playful dog was having a fun adventure, running all around. Olivia does not see the dog. Olivia thinks that the can of paint is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Amy was all set to play her shiny, clean flute. She was excited to play a new song she had just learned.  Amy believed her flute was shiny and clean. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Amy does not see the butterfly. Amy thinks that the flute is
Once upon a time, it was Vera's birthday party. All her friends were there. Vera had a yummy birthday cake to share. But oh no! The cake box was very tightly closed.  Vera believed the cake box was securely fastened. At the fun party, a balloon suddenly went "pop"! Vera does not hear the balloon pop. Vera thinks that the cake box is
Once upon a time, Usha was at the beach. She was having fun making a sand castle. After a nice swim, she wanted to use her big, fluffy beach towel to get dry. The towel was all dry and soft.  Usha believed the towel was dry and fluffy. A cheeky seagull flew down from the sky. Quick as a flash, it took a sandwich from a picnic that was close by. Usha does not see the seagull. Usha thinks that the beach towel is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Nora. She was in a class where she could play with clay. Nora wanted to make a pretty vase. The clay was hard and waiting to be made into something beautiful.  Nora believed the clay was solid and ready to be shaped. In the middle of a fun pottery class, a little cat strolled in, curious to see what was happening. Nora does not see the cat. Nora thinks that the clay is
Once upon a time, little Mabel was all by herself in a colorful park. She had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to try the yummy ice cream from the ice cream truck. The truck was parked right next to the tallest tree in the park.  Mabel believed the ice cream truck was parked near the big tree. Near Mabel, a playful dog began to chase a bouncing ball with lots of joy. Mabel does not see the dog chasing the ball. Mabel thinks that the ice cream truck is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Cara. She was tidying up her room after a fun party. Cara had a special job to do. She wanted to make her trophy shelf neat and tidy. But oh dear, the trophy shelf was all jumbled up and messy!  Cara believed the trophy shelf was very messy. In the quiet corner under the bed, a stinky sock was hiding. Cara does not find the smelly sock. Cara thinks that the trophy shelf is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Nia. She had a playful dog, Spot. Nia had a light ball and she wanted to play a fun game of fetch with Spot.  Nia believed the ball was light. In the park, a big sound boomed, bouncing off the trees. Nia does not hear the noise. Nia thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, Toby was in a shop full of people. He was looking for a special present for his dad. He wanted to get a bright, shiny buckle for his dad's belt. But, oh no! The glass box with the buckle was shut tight.  Toby believed the glass case was closed. In the little town, a faithful doggie trotted into the store. Toby does not see the dog. Toby thinks that the glass case is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Sam. Sam loved to play football. He dreamed of running super fast and scoring lots of goals. The goal was big and empty, just waiting for Sam's football.  Sam believed the goal was wide open. Suddenly, a playful doggie dashed onto the big green field. He was having so much fun chasing a tiny, fluffy squirrel. Sam does not see the dog. Sam thinks that the goal is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Gina. She was at the beach, looking at the big, blue waves. Gina had a wish. She wanted to see an octopus. But, oh no! The little pool by the rocks was all empty.  Gina believed the rock pool was empty. In the bright, sunny sky above the sandy beach, a colorful kite danced and twirled, making the little ones giggle with joy. Gina does not see the kite. Gina thinks that the rock pool is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Sally was having fun with her kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, just like the birds. Her kite had a very long string.  Sally believed the kite string was long. A special bird with a secret flew down and sat on a tree close to little Sally. Sally does not see the bird. Sally thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Faye. She was very excited because her birthday was coming up. She had a big party planned at her house. Faye had written lots of invitations for her friends. They were all ready to be sent out.  Faye believed the invitations were all written and ready to be sent. With a big smile, Faye's mommy carried in a yummy birthday cake. Faye does not see her mother with the cake. Faye thinks that the invitations is
Once upon a time, in a shop full of toys, Rita was on a special mission. She wanted to find a pretend alarm clock toy for her little brother. This wasn't just any toy, it was a smooth alarm clock toy.  Rita believed the alarm clock toy was smooth. In the middle of the busy store, a tiny girl began to sob with all her might. Rita does not hear the little girl crying. Rita thinks that the alarm clock toy is
Once upon a time, little Juno was in a big library. She was looking for a special book for her school project. The book she wanted was way up high on the top shelf. It was tucked in tight between other books.  Juno believed the book was securely fastened between other books. In a little school, a young student had a pile of colorful books. Oops! The books slipped from their hands and tumbled down to the floor with a loud thud. Juno does not hear the books falling. Juno thinks that the book on the top shelf is
Once upon a time, Ollie was at the park. It was time for his morning run. But first, he needed his favorite pink running shoes. They were waiting for him in his bag.  Ollie believed the shoes were in his bag. In the middle of a sunny day, a little squirrel scampered quickly across the footpath. Ollie does not see the squirrel. Ollie thinks that the running shoes is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Usha was busy with her old radio. She wanted it to play her most loved tunes. The radio's wire was just fine.  Usha believed the wire in the radio was intact. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Usha does not see the butterfly. Usha thinks that the wire in the radio is
Once upon a time, there was a brave sailor named Ed. He was on a big boat in the middle of the sea. Ed wanted to catch a big fish. The sea was very still and quiet.  Ed believed the sea was calm and quiet. A friendly seagull found a cozy spot on a big ship and decided to rest its wings. Ed does not see the seagull. Ed thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Wendy had a big book filled with pictures. She found a shiny, big picture that she wanted to put in the very first spot of her book. This picture was big and it was new.  Wendy believed the photo was big and new. With a quick leap, a kitty landed on the window ledge. She opened her mouth and let out a big, loud "meow!" Wendy does not hear the cat. Wendy thinks that the photo is
Once upon a time, Ugo was by the river, all set for a jolly ride. He had a bright red raft that he wanted to ride. The raft was safely tied to a big tree.  Ugo believed the raft was securely tied to a tree. A chilly breeze danced between the trees. Ugo does not feel the cold wind. Ugo thinks that the raft is
Once upon a time, in her colorful art room, Nora was all set to draw a fun picture. She had her favorite ink pen ready to use. The pen was filled up with lots of ink.  Nora believed the ink in the pen was full. In the colorful art room, a fluffy cat tiptoed in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Nora does not see the cat. Nora thinks that the ink pen is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Andy was all set to zoom his toy car. He wished his car to be the quickest. The toy car was very speedy.  Andy believed the car's speed was high. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Andy's shoulder. Andy does not see the butterfly. Andy thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, little Rita was in the garden. She saw many flowers. But there was one she liked best. It was a tall, pretty red poppy. Rita wanted to pick it for her mom.  Rita thought the poppy was tall and pretty. In the bright sunshine, a pretty butterfly gently landed on little Rita's hand. Rita does not see the butterfly. Rita thinks that the poppy is
Once upon a time, little Ollie was having fun at his grandma's house. They were playing a game of hide and seek. Ollie had a special hiding spot in mind - the big, old safe in the basement. The safe was as empty as a bird's nest in winter.  Ollie believed the safe was empty. In the cozy, quiet basement, a little cat softly padded in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Ollie does not see the cat. Ollie thinks that the safe is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, little Lisa was having fun with her toy cars. She had a grand idea! She wanted to tuck her toy cars into a big cereal box she had found. But oh no! The cereal box was shut tight with a twisty lid.  Lisa believed the cereal box had a twisted lid. In the sunny room, the window was wide open. Suddenly, a pretty butterfly fluttered in, its wings dancing in the light. Lisa does not see the butterfly. Lisa thinks that the cereal box is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Rita was sitting under a tree. She had a book she wanted to read all the way to the end. The tree she sat under was very dry.  Rita believed the tree was dry. A little toy ball, not very fancy, happily rolled close to a girl named Rita. Rita does not see the toy ball. Rita thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Tara was peeking into her closet. She was on a fun mission to find her most loved spicy perfume. The special perfume bottle was hiding somewhere in the closet.  Tara believed the perfume bottle was in the closet. With a soft, playful leap, the fluffy kitty landed on the cozy bed. Tara does not see the cat. Tara thinks that the perfume bottle is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a little girl named Gia. She was all set to make a big pile of leaves. She wanted to collect every single leaf in the garden. Her rake, standing tall and straight, was ready to help her.  Gia believed the rake was straight. With a twitch of his fluffy tail, the little squirrel scampered up the tall tree. Gia does not see the squirrel. Gia thinks that the rake is
Once upon a time, at a big, busy airport, there was a boy named Ben. He was waiting for his airplane ride. He had a special wish - he wanted to say hello to the pilot of his plane. The pilot was in the place where he flies the plane, called the cockpit.  Ben believed the pilot was in the cockpit. A little birdie found a big open door. With a quick flap of its wings, it zoomed right into the airport! Ben does not see the bird. Ben thinks that the the pilot is
Once upon a time, Daisy and her friends were having fun at the park. Daisy had a big wish. She wanted to visit the zoo. There was a tiny bird in a cage, and it was not sleeping.  Daisy believed the bird was awake. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was running, his tail wagging fast. Daisy does not see the dog. Daisy thinks that the bird is
Once upon a time, Andy visited a place full of dogs, called a pet shelter. He wanted to bring home a little, not expensive dog. The dog he liked had soft fur.  Andy believed the dog's fur was smooth. With a quick leap, a playful kitty landed on the kitchen counter. Oh no! She bumped into a tall pile of papers. Down they fluttered, like leaves in the wind. Andy does not see the cat. Andy thinks that the dog's fur is
Once upon a time, little Daisy was sitting in the doctor's room. She was waiting for her turn. Daisy had a picture to show her mom. It was a special picture of her arm, which was broken. The picture was very bright and easy to see.  Daisy believed the x-ray was bright and clear. With a big smile, the kind nurse carried a tray full of yummy cookies. Daisy does not see the nurse bring in the cookies. Daisy thinks that the x-ray is
Once upon a time, Polly was at a fun party at her friend's house. Polly's feet felt tired and she wanted to sit down. She saw a red chair in the corner. It was empty.  Polly believed the red chair was empty. Suddenly, the tune playing became a gentle, sleepy song. Polly does not hear the music change. Polly thinks that the red chair is
Once upon a time, in a huge toy shop, there was a girl named Vera. She was looking for a special gift for her little brother. She found a shiny, new toy castle. The castle had a fresh, new smell.  Vera believed the toy castle smelled new. In the little toy shop, a tiny train began to chug-chug around all by itself. Vera does not see the toy train. Vera thinks that the toy castle is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara was looking up at the twinkling night sky. She was waiting to see a comet. The comet was zooming quickly across the sky.  Zara believed the comet was moving fast. With a wagging tail and a happy bark, a playful doggie zoomed right by Zara. Zara does not see the dog running past. Zara thinks that the comet is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Wendy was all set to play a fun game of soccer. She had a big dream - to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball she was playing with was not wet, it was dry.  Wendy believed the ball was dry. In the big, green field, a little squirrel was scampering quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Wendy does not see the squirrel. Wendy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a shop full of music, there was a boy named Xander. He was looking at a big, shiny piano. Xander wanted to take the piano home, but oh dear, it was very, very heavy!  Xander believed the piano was very heavy. In the middle of a bright, sunny day, a fluffy little cat decided to take a stroll. With a swish of her tail, she found herself stepping into a shop filled with all sorts of musical things. Xander does not see the cat. Xander thinks that the piano is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a room full of music. This is where Nala liked to play songs with her little band. One day, she thought of a fun new song to teach them. On the table, there was a bowl. It was filled to the top with yummy candies.  Nala thought the candy bowl was full of sweet candies. In the room full of musical sounds, a curious kitty decided to explore. Nala does not see the cat. Nala thinks that the candy bowl is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Rick and his friends were all set to play a game of football. Rick had a big dream - he wanted to kick the ball into the goal. The football, round and full of air, was ready for the fun game too.  Rick believed the football was filled with air and ready to play. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Rick does not see the rainbow. Rick thinks that the football is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Yara. She had a big, empty jug for a fun game. She wanted to fill it up with water from the park's fountain.  Yara believed the jug was empty. A little squirrel was seen running fast, right up a tree close by. Yara does not see the squirrel. Yara thinks that the jug is
Once upon a time, in a big, hot desert full of brown sand, there was a little boy named Max. Max was on a special adventure to find a cool, refreshing oasis. He wanted to find this oasis so he could take a nice rest and sip some yummy water.  Max believed the sand was hot and brown. In the warm, sandy desert, a friendly camel strolled by, swaying gently as it moved. Max does not see the camel. Max thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Wendy was in her room. She was getting all set for her friend's birthday party. She had a special present for her friend, sitting on her bed. Wendy wanted to wrap it up nice and pretty.  Wendy believed the present was on her bed. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Wendy does not see the butterfly. Wendy thinks that the present is
Once upon a time, Fred went to a fun party with his buddies. He was excited to sip his most loved fizzy drink. The drink can was chilly and silky.  Fred believed the soda can was cold and smooth. In the middle of the fun party, the happy music playing for all the little friends just stopped, just like that! Fred does not hear the music stop. Fred thinks that the soda can is
Once upon a time, when the moon was high in the sky, little Dan was in his room. He was busy doing his homework. He wanted to finish it quickly so he could tuck himself into bed. His furry friend, Fluffy the cat, was not sleepy at all. Fluffy was having fun playing with a tiny ball made of paper.  Dan believed Fluffy was awake. Suddenly, a big car went "Honk! Honk!" right outside the window. Dan does not hear the car honking. Dan thinks that the fluffy (the cat) is
Once upon a time, in her backyard, Molly was making a big snow igloo. She had a fun idea! She wanted to put a tiny light in the igloo to make it shine bright. But oh no, the light was not on.  Molly believed the light was off. In the sunny backyard, a little squirrel scampered quickly, its fluffy tail bouncing behind. Molly does not see the squirrel. Molly thinks that the light is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Fred. He had a shiny, round ball. Fred was ready to play a fun game of baseball with his friend. He wanted to throw the ball to his friend. The ball was as smooth as a pebble.  Fred believed the ball was smooth and round. As Fred was playing, a pretty butterfly fluttered by him, its wings dancing in the sunlight. Fred does not see the butterfly. Fred thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Max. He was at the park, watching the birds. He wanted to look at them for a very long time. He sat on a nice, clean bench.  Max believed the bench was clean. In the sunny park, a little child began to shed tears. Max does not hear the child crying. Max thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful playroom, little Ella was surrounded by her favorite toys. She had a big idea! She wanted to build a castle using her box of shape blocks. The box was already open, ready for her to start her fun project.  Ella believed the box of shape blocks was open. A gentle wind playfully whisked a picture right off the wall. Ella does not see the picture fall. Ella thinks that the box of shape blocks is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Xander was having fun with his shiny new marbles. He had a big idea! He wanted to lift his marble up high and watch it zoom down the slide. The slide was all clean and dry, ready for the marble's adventure.  Xander believed the slide was dry and clean. Far, far away, a sweet ice cream truck began to play a happy tune. Xander does not hear the ice cream truck. Xander thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, Xander was on a tall hill. He had a new kite. Xander wished his kite could fly up, up, up in the sky. The kite had a very long string.  Xander believed the kite's string was very long. As Xander was playing, a pretty butterfly fluttered right by him. Xander does not see the butterfly. Xander thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Wendy was in a big, green valley. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take pictures of the pretty sunset. Her camera was working just right.  Wendy believed her camera was working perfectly. A soft wind began to play with the leaves on the trees, making them dance and whisper. Wendy does not feel the breeze. Wendy thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Otto was all set for a fun game. He was excited to run fast and win the race. The path was all clear and ready for him.  Otto believed the track was clear. A wealthy gentleman strolled into the park, wearing a big, beautiful hat. Otto does not see the rich man. Otto thinks that the track is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a lady named Polly. She was looking at her pretty flowers. They were big and colorful. Polly wanted to take a snap of her flowers. The flowers were all open and bright.  Polly believed the flowers were in full bloom. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a colorful flower. Polly does not see the butterfly. Polly thinks that the flowers is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Carl. He was on a boat in the big blue sea. Carl had a dream - he wanted to catch a big fish for his dinner. He held his straight fishing rod, ready for the big catch.  Carl believed the fishing rod was straight. In the bright blue sky, a friendly seagull swooped down, flying right over the little boat. Carl does not see the seagull. Carl thinks that the fishing rod is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Ed. He had a colorful kite. Ed really wanted his kite to soar up, up, up in the sky. But right now, the kite was still on the ground.  Ed thought the kite was on the ground. Ed watches as a fluttery piece of paper dances by him in the breeze. Ed does not see the piece of paper. Ed thinks that the kite is
Jake was at the park, excited to ride his big, strong motorcycle. He couldn't wait to show his friends all the fun tricks he could do.  Jake believed the motorcycle was very strong. With a wagging tail, a happy doggie dashed into the big, green park. He was chasing his favorite bouncy ball, his little paws kicking up dust as he ran. Jake does not see the dog. Jake thinks that the motorcycle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Pete. He was in his room, getting all dressed up. It was a special day! His best friend was having a birthday party. Pete wanted to look his best. He had a shiny, clean comb to brush his hair.  Pete believed his comb was clean and shiny. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Pete does not see the butterfly. Pete thinks that the comb is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Vicky was watching some friends play a game of football. She really wanted to join them. The football was sitting right there on the ground, waiting to be kicked.  Vicky believed the football was on the ground. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and tickled Vicky's shoulder with its soft wings. Vicky does not see the butterfly. Vicky thinks that the football is
In a room full of toys, little Bob was ready for a fun adventure. He had a special toy train on the floor. Bob was excited to use his train to tell a wonderful story.  Bob believed the toy train was on the floor. In the middle of playtime, a loud pop echoed in the room. It was the balloon, it had burst! Bob does not hear the balloon pop. Bob thinks that the toy train is
Once upon a time, Eli was in a big, tall building. He was waiting for the elevator because he wanted to see his old friend who lived all the way up on the top floor. The elevator was working just right.  Eli believed the elevator was working fine. In the long, bright hallway, a happy little dog was scampering along, his tail wagging with joy. Eli does not see the dog. Eli thinks that the elevator is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, there was a boy named Jack. He was busy feeding the clucking chickens. He had a big, full bag of yellow corn. Jack wanted to share all the corn with the chickens.  Jack believed the bag was full. A rich man zoomed past the farm in his shiny, big car. Jack does not see the wealthy man. Jack thinks that the bag of corn is
Once upon a time, little Emma was in her room. She was busy with a fun puzzle. She hoped to complete it before it was time to eat dinner. The puzzle sat nicely on her table, not moving at all.  Emma believed the puzzle was stable on the table. In the cozy little house, Emma's mommy sweetly called out, "Emma, darling, it's time for yummy dinner!" Emma does not hear her mom calling. Emma thinks that the puzzle is
Once upon a time, in a happy park full of fun, Val was waiting to play a game of mini golf. Val had his eyes on a big prize, a yummy steak. The steak was kept safe inside a clear glass box.  Val believed the steak was in the glass case. A little doggy, without a home, found his way into a big, colorful fun park. Val does not see the poor dog. Val thinks that the steak is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Wendy was having fun playing hide and seek with her buddies. Wendy's job was to find all her friends who were hiding. She spotted a big tree with a hole in its trunk.  Wendy believed there was a hollow in the tree. In the bright blue sky, a little bird was flying high. Suddenly, it let go of a small bandage it was carrying in its beak. Down, down, down it fluttered, all the way to the ground. Wendy does not see the bandage falling. Wendy thinks that the tree hollow. is
Once upon a time, in a big toy store, there was a mom named Pam. She was looking for a special gift for her little boy. She saw a robot. It was switched on and ready to play.  Pam believed the robot was turned on. In a room filled with laughter and play, a little one's toy slipped from their tiny hands, tumbling down to the floor with a soft thud. Pam does not see the child drop the toy. Pam thinks that the robot is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Xander was busy building a sand castle. He had a fun idea! He wanted to make a pirate ship next to his castle. The sand was nice and wet, perfect for shaping.  Xander believed the sand was wet and easy to shape. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull came to visit Xander's little sand castle by the sea. Xander does not see the seagull. Xander thinks that the sand. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Una was sitting on a bench. She had a special job to do. She wanted to fix her old kite. The kite's string was not tight.  Una believed the string of the kite was unstretched. A little squirrel was playing. With a quick wiggle of its tail, it ran up a big tree close by. Una does not see the squirrel. Una thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Kira was sitting at her desk. She had a big test tomorrow and she wanted to study. Her book was on her desk, but it was closed.  Kira believed the novel was closed. A pretty leaf twirled down from the big tree by her window. Kira does not see the leaf fall. Kira thinks that the novel is
Once upon a time, little Amy was at the park. She loved watching the birds. She had a big idea! She wanted to make a picture of the birds from her garden. But oh no! The rope in her garden was all mixed up.  Amy believed the rope was tangled. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy as he chased his favorite ball. Amy does not see the dog. Amy thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Quinn was gazing at his big, big fridge. He wanted to grab a chilly drink from inside it. The fridge was neat and tidy, just like a toy box.  Quinn believed the refrigerator was very organized. In Quinn's room, the curtains danced and twirled as a big gust of wind blew them around. Quinn does not feel the wind. Quinn thinks that the refrigerator is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Joe. He had a fluffy dog, Max. They loved to play together. One day, Joe had a bright green ball. It was new and shiny. Joe wanted to play a fun game of fetch with Max.  Joe believed the ball was green and fresh. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Joe does not see the squirrel. Joe thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in his little room, Xander was getting all dressed up for a fun party. He was very excited to put on his shiny new shoes. But oh no! His shoelaces were not tied up.  Xander believed his shoelaces were untied. In the room next door, a balloon went "POP!" with a loud, surprising sound. Xander does not hear the balloon pop. Xander thinks that the shoelaces is
Once upon a time, at a sandy beach, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved watching the big, blue waves. One day, he saw a seal with skin as smooth as a pebble. Xander wished he could touch it.  Xander believed the seal's skin was smooth. A noisy seagull was making a big squawk close by. Xander does not hear the seagull squawk. Xander thinks that the seal's skin is
Once upon a time, in a room full of art, Lola was ready to make a new painting. She wanted to use her new pastels to make a lovely picture. The pastels were all lined up in a tidy row.  Lola believed the pastels were all laid out in a neat row. A playful breeze whooshed in from the open window. It made the papers dance and twirl in the air, just like butterflies. Lola does not see the papers fluttering. Lola thinks that the pastels is
Once upon a time, in a little boy named Sam's room, there was a fun toy castle. Sam had a toy king who needed his crown. The crown was all ready, not twisted at all. It was time to put it on the toy king's head.  Sam believed the crown was untwisted. In Sam's room, the window was wide open. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, dancing in the sunlight. Sam does not see the butterfly. Sam thinks that the crown is
Once upon a time, in a cozy room, Ollie was sitting on his comfy bed. He had a special book he loved very much, called "The Secret Forest". But right now, the book was shut tight.  Ollie believed the book was closed. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Ollie's cozy bed. Ollie does not see the cat. Ollie thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a bright little room, Ugo was all set to do his homework. He had a special tube of blue paint that he loved very much. He wanted to use it to write his name. The tube of paint was standing tall on his desk, waiting for him.  Ugo believed the tube of paint was upright on his desk. A playful breeze whooshed in from the open window, making the curtains jiggle and wiggle like they were having a fun dance party. Ugo does not feel the wind or see the curtains dance. Ugo thinks that the tube of paint is
Once upon a time, Ollie was at a big ranch, looking after the horses. Ollie dreamed of being a cowboy all by himself. But oh no! The rope he used to tie the horses was all tangled up.  Ollie believed the rope was knotted. In the warm sunshine, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down, landing right on the horse's soft, tickly nose. Ollie does not see the butterfly. Ollie thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Nia was all set to make a pretty picture. She had a big blue crayon in her hand. She wanted to use it to draw a beautiful sky.  Nia believed the blue crayon was big. With a gentle roll, a little toy car made its way into the room, ready for a new adventure. Nia does not see the toy car. Nia thinks that the blue crayon is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Rita found a big, bright red flower. She thought, "I must send a picture of this big flower to my friend!"  Rita believed the flower was bright red. A happy doggie zoomed by Rita, his tail wagging fast. He was after his bouncy ball, having so much fun! Rita does not see the dog. Rita thinks that the flower is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big pear tree. Little Jack was there. He wanted to get a yummy pear for his mommy. But oh no! The pear was way up high in the tree.  Jack believed the pear was high up in the tree. A playful doggie zoomed right by Jack, his eyes on a bouncing ball he was chasing. Jack does not see the dog. Jack thinks that the pear is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Uma was watching a fun movie on her shiny computer. She was excited to share the story of the movie with her friend. The computer screen was glowing brightly.  Uma believed the computer screen was bright. In the corner of the room, a friendly little spider was busy scurrying along, not bothering anyone at all. Uma does not see the spider. Uma thinks that the computer screen is
Ina was in her room, all set to go to a fun party. She had new blue pants she wanted to wear. The pants were just right and they fit her just like a glove.  Ina believed the pants were ordinary and fit her well. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Ina does not see the butterfly. Ina thinks that the pants is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a boy named Xander. He loved taking care of the horses. One sunny day, Xander decided to clean the horse's home, the stable. But oh no! The door to the stable was all twisty and funny.  Xander believed the stable door was twisted. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Xander does not notice the rainbow. Xander thinks that the stable door is
Once upon a time, little Kiki was in a magical toy store. She was searching for a special toy fork for her beloved doll. But oh no! The toy fork was way up high, on the very top shelf.  Kiki believed the toy fork was on the top shelf. In the middle of the busy store, a little child began to shed tears. Kiki does not hear the child crying. Kiki thinks that the toy fork is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Queenie. She was in her cozy room, feeling sleepy. Queenie wished to rest her head on her fluffy pillow. The pillow was waiting for her on her comfy bed.  Queenie believed the pillow was on her bed. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Queenie does not see the butterfly. Queenie thinks that the pillow is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, Rita was busy gathering yummy fruits. She had a big plan! She wanted to turn these juicy fruits into delicious jam. Her fruit basket was tidy and full, all ready for her fun jam-making adventure.  Rita believed the fruit basket was neatly organized. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Rita does not see the butterfly. Rita thinks that the fruit basket is
Once upon a time, Dana was at the beach. She was on a special mission to find a big, beautiful shell. But oh dear, the sand was just plain, with no shells to be seen anywhere.  Dana believed there were no shells in the sand. A friendly seagull gently touched down next to little Dana. Dana does not see the seagull. Dana thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, at the big zoo, Xena was watching the funny penguins. She had a wish to snap a picture of a penguin whooshing down the icy slide. There was one penguin who was not sleepy at all, and was very busy playing.  Xena believed the penguin was awake. A man selling colorful balloons strolled past, his balloons bobbing in the air like happy clouds. Xena does not see the balloon vendor. Xena thinks that the penguin is
Once upon a time, in a big park, little Poppy sat on a bench. She was looking for her toy box. It was hiding in the tall, green grass.  Poppy believed the toy box was hidden in the tall grass. In the bright, sunny park, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down. It landed right next to Poppy on the bench, making her giggle with delight. Poppy does not see the butterfly. Poppy thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Sam was busy making a big, round sand castle. He wanted his castle to look just like a fun, twirly hurricane.  Sam believed the sand castle was round. In the bright, sunny sky above the sandy beach, a colorful kite danced and twirled, making the little ones giggle with joy. Sam does not see the kite. Sam thinks that the sand castle is
Once upon a time, little Oliver was cozy at home. He was watching his most loved cartoon. He had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to make a picture of the cartoon's hero. His drawing paper was as white as snow, waiting for Oliver's colorful drawing.  Oliver believed the drawing paper was blank. Suddenly, the telephone began to sing its jingling tune. Oliver does not hear the phone ring. Oliver thinks that the drawing paper. is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Dan and his friends were there. Dan had a big job to do. He wanted to make the party special by filling lots of big balloons with gas from a big tank.  Dan believed the gas tank was big. With a big, red nose and shoes that squeaked, a funny clown came to join the party. Dan does not see the clown. Dan thinks that the gas tank is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a shiny, new red ball. Ollie's dream was to kick his ball right into the goal. His ball was as smooth as a pebble.  Ollie believed the ball was very smooth. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Ollie's shoulder. Ollie does not see the butterfly. Ollie thinks that the red ball is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Anna. She went to the store to get some food. She wanted a yummy, ripe orange. But oh no! The oranges were in a box that was very high up.  Anna believed that the oranges were in a high box. In the big, bright store, a little cat was having a fun adventure. With a swish of her fluffy tail, she dashed through the aisles, her tiny paws pitter-pattering on the shiny floor. Anna does not see the cat. Anna thinks that the box of oranges is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Andy. He was sitting on a bench with a big pile of bricks. Andy had a fun idea - he wanted to build a very tall tower with his bricks.  Andy believed the pile of bricks was big. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Andy's shoulder. Andy does not see the butterfly. Andy thinks that the pile of bricks is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, Kelly was all set to paint a beautiful picture. She had a brand new paintbrush in her hand. It was as dry as a bone, ready to be dipped into the vibrant colors of paint.  Kelly believed the paintbrush was dry. In the sunny classroom, the window was wide open. Suddenly, a pretty butterfly fluttered in, dancing in the air. Kelly does not see the butterfly. Kelly thinks that the paintbrush is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She was sitting on a bench. She had a book with her. It was a nice book with a smooth cover. Ina wanted to read her book.  Ina believed the book had a normal, smooth cover. With a quick wiggle of his tiny tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Ina does not see the squirrel. Ina thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Remy was having fun with his toy car. He had a special race track built just for it. The wheels of the toy car were as smooth as ice.  Remy believed the toy car's wheels were smooth. In the room, a friendly little spider scurried in, not meaning any harm at all. Remy does not see the spider. Remy thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, little Rita was in her room. It was time to get ready for school. Rita had a pair of blue pants that she loved very much. These pants were hanging in her closet, waiting for her to wear them.  Rita believed the pants were hanging in her closet. With a soft pounce, Rita's fluffy cat landed on her cozy bed. Rita does not see her cat jump onto the bed. Rita thinks that the blue pants is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a fun baseball game. Little Val was there, dreaming of hitting a big home run. The baseball was waiting near the bat, ready for the game to start.  Val believed the baseball was on the ground near the bat. In the big, sunny baseball field, a colorful kite danced high up in the sky. Val does not see the kite. Val thinks that the baseball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Quinn. He was excited to play a fun game. He had a dream to be part of his friends' special club. They had a cool secret handshake that was as smooth as a slide.  Quinn believed the handshake was smooth. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Quinn does not see the butterfly. Quinn thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Carl was in his room, preparing for bedtime. He loved to cuddle up with his special glove, a gift from his dad. The glove was waiting for him, right there on his bed.  Carl believed the glove was on his bed. Suddenly, a loud "beep beep" came from a car outside. Carl does not hear the car horn. Carl thinks that the glove is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Xander was having fun in the sand box. He had a big dream - to build a grand sand castle! His bucket was already filled to the top with soft, golden sand.  Xander believed his bucket was full of sand. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Xander's shoulder. Xander does not see the butterfly. Xander thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, little Nora was at the beach. She was having fun making a sand castle. After playing, she wanted to sit on her dry, white towel.  Nora believed the towel was dry. A friendly seagull swoops down and lands next to little Nora. It's looking around, hoping to find some yummy food. Nora does not see the seagull. Nora thinks that the white towel is
Once upon a time, in a bright classroom, little Nia was feeling a bit tired after her yummy lunch. But, she had a special job to do. She wanted to finish her beautiful drawing before the loud bell rang. She had a big, clean eraser ready to help her.  Nia believed the eraser was big and clean. The classroom door swung open with a whoosh! A playful breeze danced in, lifting papers from the desk and twirling them in the air. Nia does not see the papers flying. Nia thinks that the eraser is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ben. He was all set for a fun picnic. He had a lunch box with him, filled with yummy broccoli. But oh no! The lunch box was closed really tight.  Ben believed the lunch box was shut tight. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a colorful flower. Ben does not see the butterfly. Ben thinks that the lunch box is
Once upon a time, in a big school library, Zara was learning for her math test. She wanted to talk to her math teacher, who was very good at math, about some things she didn't understand. The teacher had time to help her.  Zara believed the tutor's schedule was free. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Zara does not see the cat. Zara thinks that the tutor's schedule is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Poppy was gazing at her pretty flowers. She was on a mission to find a tiny bug to show her buddies. The bed of flowers smelled so fresh and clean.  Poppy believed the flower bed had a fresh smell. In the bright, sunny garden, a little cat was having fun. With a quick wiggle of her tail, she dashed across the green grass, her soft paws barely making a sound. Poppy does not see the cat. Poppy thinks that the flower bed is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olive was watching children play. She had a secret toy, a toy that was still like new. She wanted to share this special toy with her friend.  Olive believed the toy was in good shape. With a twitch of his fluffy tail, the little squirrel scampered up the tall tree, his tiny paws moving quickly. Olive does not see the squirrel. Olive thinks that the toy is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Queenie. She was at a place called the dock. She was waiting for something very special. It was her big red ship. Queenie wanted to go on a journey with this ship. The ship was big and it was ready to go. Queenie was excited to sail on her big red ship.  Queenie believed the ship was big and ready to sail. A friendly seagull swoops down and gently lands next to Queenie on the sunny dock. Queenie does not see the seagull. Queenie thinks that the the ship is
Once upon a time, Dino was at the pool, all set for his swim class. He was excited to jump into the water quickly. His clothes were in a neat pile next to the pool, not moving at all.  Dino believed his pile of clothes was still. In the bright sunshine, a playful dog was happily running around the sparkling blue pool. Dino does not see the dog. Dino thinks that the pile of clothes is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Carl was having fun with his beloved princess doll. He had a big dream - to build a grand castle for his princess using his colorful blocks. His block box was neat and tidy, all ready for the big build.  Carl believed the block box was very organized. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Carl does not see the butterfly. Carl thinks that the block box is
Once upon a time, in a small room, there was a boy named Sam. He was playing with his most loved toy, a colorful kite. Sam had a dream - he wanted to see his kite dancing in the sky at the park. But oh no! The kite's string was all twisted and knotted.  Sam believed the kite string was tangled up. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Sam does not see the butterfly. Sam thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Dora was on a special mission. She was searching high and low for pine cones. You see, Dora had a lovely idea. She wanted to fill a box with these pine cones and send it to her dear grandma. Luckily, the tall pine tree in the forest was brimming with cones, just waiting for Dora to collect.  Dora believed the pine tree was full of cones. Every day, a gentle deer would visit her favorite tree. She loved to munch on its yummy green leaves. Dora does not see the deer. Dora thinks that the pine tree is
Once upon a time, little Lina was in her daddy's big workshop. She wanted to make her bike all better. To fix her bike's tire, she needed a special tool. This tool was hiding in the toolbox.  Lina thought the tool was in the toolbox. In the big, busy workshop, a little cat tiptoed in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Lina does not see the cat. Lina thinks that the tool is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Pete was all set for a fun picnic. He had a big, shiny grill that was already hot and ready. Pete had a plan - he was going to cook yummy hot dogs on the grill.  Pete believed the grill was on. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was having lots of fun. He was running super fast, his tail wagging wildly. He was chasing his favorite ball, bouncing and rolling away from him. Pete does not see the dog. Pete thinks that the grill is
Once upon a time, in a quiet park, Rosie was all set to play a fun game of soccer. She needed just one more friend to join her team. Nearby, the swings were not moving at all.  Rosie believed the swing set was still. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was running, his tail wagging fast. Rosie does not see the dog. Rosie thinks that the swing set is
Once upon a time, in a forest full of mushrooms, there was a little boy named Ollie. Ollie was on a special mission. He was looking for a big, yummy mushroom to have for his dinner.  Ollie believed the forest was full of mushrooms. As Ollie was standing still, a little squirrel scampered right by him. Ollie does not see the squirrel. Ollie thinks that the forest is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He loved his garden very much. One sunny day, Sam decided to water his plants. His hose was all curled up, waiting to be used.  Sam believed the hose was coiled up. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Sam does not see the butterfly. Sam thinks that the hose is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Sam was having fun with his most loved toy, a bouncy rubber band. He had a clever idea! He wanted to wrap the rubber band around his toy car to make it zoom around. But, the rubber band was still not stretched.  Sam believed the rubber band was not stretched. Suddenly, the little toy phone began to make a ringing sound. Sam does not hear the toy phone ring. Sam thinks that the rubber band is
Once upon a time, Vicky went to the doctor's house. She wanted to make sure her lungs were happy and healthy. The doctor took a special picture, an x-ray, of her lungs. The picture was clear, just like a sunny day.  Vicky believed her lungs looked clear. In the big, bright hospital, a kind nurse was carrying a tray full of shiny tools. Suddenly, oops! The tray slipped from her hands and all the tools went clatter-clatter on the floor outside the room where the doctor checks people. Vicky does not hear the tray drop. Vicky thinks that the x-ray of her lungs is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest by a sparkling river, there was a little girl named Zara. Zara was on a special adventure to find a secret bear. This bear was very good at hide and seek, always hiding in the tall trees.  Zara believed the bear was hidden in the trees. In the middle of her play, Zara watched as a little squirrel scampered by her. Zara does not see the squirrel. Zara thinks that the the bear is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was playing with her fluffy dog, Max. It was lunchtime and Yara had a big bag of yummy dog food for Max. The bag was so full, it was ready to burst!  Yara believed the dog food bag was full. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Yara does not see the butterfly. Yara thinks that the dog food bag is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Uma had a special treasure box. Inside this box, she had a shiny gold coin. It was as smooth as a pebble. Uma was excited to show her friends her special gold coin.  Uma believed the gold coin was smooth. In the middle of the room, a little toy car began to roll, its wheels spinning as it journeyed across the colorful carpet. Uma does not see the toy car rolling. Uma thinks that the gold coin is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Ina was busy. She was making a sand figure. She wanted it to be the biggest one ever! She had a big pile of sand to use.  Ina believed the pile of sand was big. In the bright blue sky, a big, colorful hot air balloon was floating high above the sandy beach. Ina does not see the hot air balloon. Ina thinks that the pile of sand is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ella was all set for a fun picnic. She had a yummy fruit salad to eat. Her bowl was filled to the brim with colorful fruits.  Ella believed the fruit bowl was full. In the sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a bright flower next to the little table. Ella does not see the butterfly. Ella thinks that the fruit bowl is
Once upon a time, little Finn went to a tiny temple. He saw a shiny, golden statue. Finn wanted to snap a picture of it. The statue was as bright as the sun.  Finn believed the statue was shiny and gold. In the park, a tiny bird found a new friend. It was a statue! With a quick flutter of its wings, the bird landed gently on top. Finn does not see the bird. Finn thinks that the statue is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Ella was looking at the swans. She saw many swans, but one was the biggest. This big swan was swimming in the pond, nice and slow. Ella wanted to make a picture of this big swan.  Ella believed the biggest swan was on the water, swimming calmly. A gentle wind came by, making the leaves dance and whisper. Ella does not hear the leaves rustling. Ella thinks that the the biggest swan is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, Abby was preparing to plant something special. She had a potato she wanted to put in the ground. But oh dear, the ground was very hard!  Abby believed the ground was hard. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Abby does not see the butterfly. Abby thinks that the ground is
Once upon a time, little Ella was in her garden. She was under a big apple tree. Ella wanted to pick a big, red apple for her snack. The very top apple on the tree was the reddest one.  Ella believed the apple at the top of the tree was bright red. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Ella does not see the butterfly. Ella thinks that the apple at the top of the tree is
Once upon a time, little Ben was at a big, busy mall. He was on a special mission. It was his mom's birthday soon and he wanted to find a shiny necklace for her. There was a sparkly jewelry store that was open.  Ben believed the jewelry store was open. In the heart of the bustling mall, a funny clown began to put on a show. Ben does not see the clown. Ben thinks that the jewelry store is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, Harry was watching a fun game of cricket. He wished he could play too. There were ten players on the cricket team.  Harry believed the cricket team had ten players. In the big, green park, a playful dog was having fun. He was running fast, his tail wagging with joy. He was chasing a pretty butterfly, fluttering its colorful wings. Harry does not see the dog. Harry thinks that the cricket team is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Yara was all set for her nap. She longed to rest her head on her fluffy pillow. And where was this pillow? Right there, waiting for her on the bed.  Yara believed the pillow was on the bed. In the middle of her playtime, Yara heard a sound. It was her phone, singing its little tune. Yara does not hear her phone ring. Yara thinks that the pillow is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was in his room, getting all set for school. Today was a special day, it was show and tell! Ben wanted to take his most loved book. His room was neat and clean, with all his books sitting nicely on the shelf.  Ben thought his room was tidy and all his books were in the shelf. In the bright world outside the window, a little bird was singing a loud, happy song. Ben does not hear the bird's voice. Ben thinks that the room is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a little girl named Penny. Penny loved to help with the farm jobs. One day, she decided to feed the cows. She had a big bucket, and it was filled to the top with yummy corn.  Penny believed the bucket was full of corn. In the big, sunny field, a friendly farmer was riding his noisy tractor, making the wheels go round and round. Penny does not see the farmer driving the tractor. Penny thinks that the bucket of corn is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Yara was all set for a fun race. She really wanted to be the winner. The prize was a bright, shiny red ribbon.  Yara believed the red ribbon was bright and shiny. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Yara does not see the butterfly. Yara thinks that the red ribbon is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was excited to go see her friend. But first, she had to clean her very messy room.  Lily believed her bedroom was very messy. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, right through the bedroom window that was wide open. Lily does not see the butterfly. Lily thinks that the bedroom is
Once upon a time, in a big, dark cave, there was a little girl named Nia. She was looking for a bat. She wanted to draw a picture of it for her art class. The bat was sleeping, hanging on the cave wall.  Nia believed the bat was asleep. In a big, dark cave, a tiny drop of water slipped from the top and fell down, down, down. Nia does not feel the water drop. Nia thinks that the bat is
Once upon a time, little Clara was in her room. She was working hard, getting ready for a big quiz. Clara really wanted to do a good job on her quiz. On her desk, a candle was shining brightly.  Clara believed the candle was burning bright. The wind started to whoosh outside, making Clara's room curtains dance and twirl. Clara does not hear the wind and the rustling of the curtains. Clara thinks that the candle is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. He was on a big boat in the middle of the sea. Fred wanted to stop his boat to catch some fish. He had a shiny anchor that sparkled brightly under the sun.  Fred believed the anchor was shiny and bright. In the bright blue sky, a friendly seagull swooped and soared, gliding right over a little bobbing boat. Fred does not see the seagull. Fred thinks that the anchor is
Ina was having fun in her garden with her pet snake. She had a special snake that she wanted to show her best friend. The snake was safe in its cage.  Ina believed the snake was in its cage. In the sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a bright, blooming flower. Ina does not see the butterfly. Ina thinks that the snake is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Wanda was sitting under a big oak tree. She saw a big acorn on the ground, right next to her. Wanda thought it would be fun to send a picture of the big acorn to her friend.  Wanda believed the acorn was right next to her. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Wanda's little hand. Wanda does not see the butterfly. Wanda thinks that the acorn is
Once upon a time, Ina was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was there to learn for a big quiz. Ina wanted to learn a lot so she could do really good on her quiz. She had a big book to help her learn, and it had all its pages.  Ina believed her study book was complete. In the big book room, the lights danced like twinkling stars. Ina does not see the lights flicker. Ina thinks that the study book is
Once upon a time, in a neat little room, Mabel was all set for playtime. She had her dolls and a tidy dollhouse ready. The dollhouse was just as neat as her room. Mabel was excited to play with her dolls in their perfect little home.  Mabel believed the dollhouse was very organized. In the little kitchen, a yummy pie sat on the windowsill. It was cooling down and making the whole room smell so sweet. Mabel does not smell the pie. Mabel thinks that the dollhouse is
Once upon a time, little Ben was in the bathroom, all set for bedtime. He reached for his clean toothbrush, ready to make his teeth sparkle before he hopped into bed.  Ben believed the toothbrush was clean. In the little bathroom, the lights were playing a fun game of blink-blink. Ben does not see the lights flicker. Ben thinks that the toothbrush is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Yara was watching a big, exciting parade. She saw a band marching by, their drum booming loudly. Yara wished she could march along with them, right in the middle of the parade.  Yara believed the drum was loud. A yucky smell from a close-by rubbish bin floated over the fun parade. Yara does not smell the disgusting smell. Yara thinks that the drum is
Once upon a time, Ina was in her bakery, getting ready for a fun day. She wanted to make some yummy bread. The dough she had was cold and very hard.  Ina believed the dough was cold and hard. In the sweet-smelling bakery, a friendly customer strolled in. Ina does not see the customer. Ina thinks that the dough is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Yara was watching her playful dog. She had a fun idea to teach her dog a new trick. Her dog's toy was as smooth as a pebble.  Yara believed the dog's toy was smooth. Far away, a little balloon went "pop!" with a tiny, surprising sound. Yara does not hear the balloon pop. Yara thinks that the dog's toy is
Once upon a time, little Vicky was in her room. She was getting ready for a big trip! She had a big, empty bag and a fun toy horn. Vicky really wanted to put her toy horn in the bag.  Vicky believed the bag was big and empty. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Vicky does not see the butterfly. Vicky thinks that the bag is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Carl. He was in his garden, looking at his big water pump. Carl wanted to drink cool water from the well. The water pump was doing its job well.  Carl believed the water pump was working fine. In the sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a bright, blooming flower. Carl does not see the butterfly. Carl thinks that the water pump is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Harry. He was at the zoo, watching the penguins. One big penguin was near the pool. Harry loved to see the big penguin swim. It was a fun way for Harry to spend his time.  Harry believed the big penguin was at the edge of the pool. Suddenly, a big roar echoed from the home of the big, fluffy lion. Harry does not hear the loud noise. Harry thinks that the big penguin is
Ina was in her house, getting all set for a fun party. She wanted to make all her plates and cups shiny and clean before her friends arrived. The door of the dish washing machine was tightly closed.  Ina believed the dishwasher door was securely fastened. In the sunny garden, right outside the kitchen window, a little squirrel was seen scampering around. Ina does not see the squirrel. Ina thinks that the dishwasher door is
Once upon a time, there was a fun party for Ella's birthday. She was excited to eat her big cherry cake. The cake was very big and hard.  Ella believed the cake was big and solid. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Ella's shoulder. Ella does not see the butterfly. Ella thinks that the cherry birthday cake is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He was at a fun party, showing off his new pink tie to his friends. His tie was tied up nice and neat.  Sam believed his tie was neatly tied. Suddenly, the happy tunes that were filling the room went quiet. Sam does not hear the music stop. Sam thinks that the tie is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Poppy. She was sitting on a bright yellow bench, happily reading her favorite book. The bench was very strong and didn't wobble at all. Poppy loved to read her book under the warm sun.  Poppy believed the bench was stable. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Poppy does not see the squirrel. Poppy thinks that the the bench is
Once upon a time, Ina and her friends were having a fun day at the ranch. There, they saw a cute little baby horse. The baby horse was very calm. Ina really wanted to give the baby horse a gentle pat.  Ina believed the baby horse was calm. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Ina does not see the rainbow. Ina thinks that the baby horse is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a boy named Max. He was sitting on a bench, thinking about a pretty poem he wanted to write. He had a piece of smooth paper ready for his words.  Max believed the paper was smooth. In a sunny park, a bunch of giggling children began to kick a soccer ball near a big, wooden bench. Max does not see the children playing soccer. Max thinks that the paper is
Once upon a time, Ula was in her garden. She was looking for special leaves for her tea. She wanted to find a lot of mint. The mint plant was very big and had many leaves.  Ula believed the mint plant was big and full of leaves. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on the green mint plant. Ula does not see the butterfly. Ula thinks that the mint plant is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ben was having a fun picnic with his friends. He had a yummy sandwich in a box. It looked so fresh! Ben wanted to share his tasty sandwich with all his friends.  Ben believed the sandwich was fresh. Suddenly, a big gust of wind came whooshing by. It caught the kite and up, up, up it went, flying away into the bright blue sky. Ben does not see the kite flying away. Ben thinks that the sandwich in the box is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a bright yellow kite that he loved very much. Xander's dream was to make his kite fly high, high up in the sky. The string of the kite was very long and very strong.  Xander believed the kite string was long and strong. Suddenly, a big whoosh of wind came. It made the leaves on the trees shake and whisper loudly. Xander does not hear the rustling of the leaves. Xander thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Yara was having fun with her jump rope. She had a big wish in her heart - to do a super-duper jump rope trick! But for now, her jump rope was quiet and still.  Yara believed the jump rope was still. The big, yellow sun peeked through the window, filling the room with its warm, happy light. Yara does not see the sun shining. Yara thinks that the jump rope is
Once upon a time, little Ira was at the park. She had a brand new kite. She wished to make it fly way up high. The kite had a very long string.  Ira believed the cord was long. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Ira. Ira does not see the butterfly. Ira thinks that the kite's cord is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little girl named Bess. She was sitting on a bench, holding her new kite. But oh no! The string of the kite was all tangled up in a knot. Bess had a big plan to make her kite fly high in the sky.  Bess believed the kite string was tied in a knot. Suddenly, a playful doggy zoomed by Bess, his eyes fixed on a bouncing ball he was chasing. Bess does not see the dog. Bess thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, Rita was in a bustling cafe, waiting for her yummy coffee. She had a plan to sip her coffee and read her favorite book. The coffee was warm and had a lovely smell.  Rita believed the coffee was hot and smelled nice. In the little cafe, a timid puppy tiptoed in, his tail tucked between his legs. Rita does not see the shy dog. Rita thinks that the coffee is
Once upon a time, in a park full of happy sounds, little Grace was having fun on the swings. She had a big wish - to leap off the swing when it was up, up, up in the sky. The park was filled with the giggles of other kids and the woofs of playful dogs.  Grace believed the park was loud. In the big, sunny park, a little kitty was having fun running all around. Grace does not see the cat. Grace thinks that the the park is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was at his house, getting all set for school. Ben had a shiny, strong key that he wanted to put in his bag. He didn't want to lose it.  Ben believed the key was strong. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding-dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Ben does not hear the doorbell. Ben thinks that the key is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a man named Fred. He was ready to do his morning exercises. Fred liked to move and stretch his body along with the beat of jazz music. Under his feet, the grass was dry.  Fred believed the grass was dry. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was having lots of fun. He was running very fast, his tail wagging in the wind. He was chasing his favorite toy, a bright, bouncy ball. Fred does not see the dog. Fred thinks that the grass is
Once upon a time, little Violet was busy painting a pretty picture in her room. She felt hungry and remembered the yummy apple in her lunch bag. The apple was waiting for her in the bag.  Violet believed the apple was in her bag. In a quiet moment, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down to rest on the window sill. Violet does not see the butterfly. Violet thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She was sitting on a bench. She wanted to make a picture of a big, gray rock. The rock was very smooth.  Ina believed the rock was very smooth. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Ina does not see the squirrel. Ina thinks that the rock is
Once upon a time, in a big red barn, lived a kind man named Sam. He was looking after his old horse. Sam decided to give his horse some new, crunchy hay to munch on. The hay was dry and made a fun, crunchy sound.  Sam believed the hay was dry and crunchy. With a soft, gentle purr, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into the big, red barn. Sam does not see the cat. Sam thinks that the hay is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Toby was there. He loved to watch the birds as they flew high in the sky. Toby had a special wish. He wanted to play his violin, a violin with a string that was just as it was when it was made, for the birds to hear.  Toby believed his violin string was original and unstretched. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Toby does not see the butterfly. Toby thinks that the violin string is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ollie was ready to play ball with his buddies. He had a big dream - to kick the round ball right into the goal.  Ollie believed the ball was round. In the middle of a big, green field, a little birdie found a resting spot on top of the goal post. Ollie does not see the bird. Ollie thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in a big library. She was searching for a special book about dinosaurs. She found one, but oh dear, it was very hard to open because it was so tight!  Zara believed the book was tight and hard to open. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Zara does not see the cat. Zara thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Zara was enjoying a picnic. She had a special friend with her, her pet lizard named Leo. Leo was having a little nap under a shady tree. Zara was hoping to play with Leo, but he was still fast asleep.  Zara believed Leo was asleep under the tree. In the middle of her picnic, Zara watched with wide eyes as a pretty butterfly gently landed right on her sandwich. Zara does not see the butterfly. Zara thinks that the leo (the lizard) is
Once upon a time, little Jake was in the bright green field near his house. He was on a special mission to find a big bug. He wanted to show this bug to his friends. Suddenly, he saw a bug. It was not sleeping, it was wide awake!  Jake believed the bug was awake. In the big, green meadow, a little bunny was hopping happily. Jake does not see the rabbit. Jake thinks that the the bug is
Once upon a time, Xander was at a big, gray place called a stadium. He was waiting for a fun soccer game to begin. Xander was excited to see the game with his friends. The door to the stadium was wide open.  Xander believed the stadium gate was open. Suddenly, tiny drops of water began to fall from the sky, making a soft pitter-patter sound. It was raining! Xander does not feel the rain. Xander thinks that the stadium gate is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Amy was having fun with her dog. They were playing a game of fetch with an old ball. The ball was a bit stinky, but they didn't mind. They were just happy to be playing together.  Amy believed the ball was smelly. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Amy's shoulder. Amy does not see the butterfly. Amy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, Lucy was at the beach. She was looking for a big shell to put with her other shells. But, oh dear! The beach was only filled with tiny shells.  Lucy believed the beach was full of small shells. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently touched down on the sandy beach. Lucy does not see the seagull. Lucy thinks that the beach is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party in the park. Little Zara had a special job. She was going to make the picnic table look pretty. There was a bucket full of cold ice too.  Zara believed the ice bucket was full. A little squirrel scampered up a tree close by, his bushy tail flicking with excitement. Zara does not see the squirrel. Zara thinks that the ice bucket is
Once upon a time, in a big school lab, there was a little girl named Usha. She was all set for her fun science class. Usha had a special tool, a microscope, to look at teeny tiny things. The microscope had a shiny, smooth lens.  Usha believed the microscope lens was smooth. The big, happy school bell chimed, telling all the little kids it was time for yummy lunch. Usha does not hear the school bell. Usha thinks that the microscope lens is
Once upon a time, in a magical forest, Vicky was searching for her pet snake. She missed her snake very much and wanted to bring it back home. The last time anyone saw the snake, it was up in a tree.  Vicky believed the snake was in the tree. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly danced in the air, tickling Vicky's nose as it flew past her. Vicky does not see the butterfly. Vicky thinks that the snake is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Carla. She had a round, bouncy soccer ball. Carla wanted to play! She wanted to kick her ball right into the goal. But, oh! The ball was not moving, it was very still.  Carla believed the ball was still. In the park, a little squirrel scampered quickly up a tall tree. Carla does not see the squirrel. Carla thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Grace was playing with her friends. She had a new kite, bright and colorful, tucked safely in her bag. Grace couldn't wait to see it dance in the sky.  Grace believed the kite was in her bag. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Grace. Grace does not see the butterfly. Grace thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Hana was getting ready for a special time - the holiday season! She wanted her room to sparkle and shine with holiday cheer. She had a box full of decorations, all neat and tidy, waiting in its usual place.  Hana believed the box of decorations was organized and ready. With a little hop, a fluffy squirrel landed on the window sill, its tiny paws making a soft tap. Hana does not see the squirrel. Hana thinks that the box of decorations is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a girl named Gina. Every day, Gina liked to run. Today, she wanted to run around the round house in the park. The round house was very big and round like a circle.  Gina believed the shelter was round. Gina giggles as a skinny kitty tiptoes by her. Gina does not see the thin cat. Gina thinks that the shelter is
Ina was at the park. She sat under a big tree. She had her favorite newspaper. It was big and had lots of pages. Ina wanted to read it.  Ina believed the newspaper was big. Ina was sitting quietly under a big tree. Suddenly, a little squirrel scampered up the tree trunk, its bushy tail flicking behind it. Ina does not see the squirrel. Ina thinks that the newspaper is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ella was having fun with her friends. Ella had a big dream - she wanted to kick a ball right into the goal! The ball was in a good place, far away from the tall trees.  Ella believed the ball was in a safe spot. In the sunny garden, a little grape tumbled down from its tree home. Ella does not see the grape falling. Ella thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Anna was playing with her friends. She was excited to share a funny new joke she had learned. Nearby, a mosquito was buzzing around, looking strong and healthy.  Anna believed the mosquito was okay strong. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was running, his tail wagging fast. Anna does not see the dog. Anna thinks that the mosquito is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Zara. She had a lovely dog, Max. Zara and Max loved to play a game called fetch. Zara had a rope for this game, and it was not in a knot.  Zara believed the rope was not tangled. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently landed right on Max's little nose. Zara does not see the butterfly. Zara thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, Pete was on a big stage. He was going to be in a play. Pete hoped to make everyone clap and be happy. He had a shiny sword for the play.  Pete believed the sword was shiny. In the middle of a big, bright stage, a fluffy little cat was taking a stroll. Pete does not see the cat. Pete thinks that the sword is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Hana was gazing at her apple tree. She wished to nibble on a sweet apple from her very own tree. But oh dear, the apple on the tree was still green.  Hana believed the apple was green. In the sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a bright, blooming flower. Hana does not see the butterfly. Hana thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Tanya was busy making a big, beautiful rainbow. She was excited to use her brand new, shiny crayons. But oh no! The box of crayons was still shut tight.  Tanya believed the crayon box was closed. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Tanya does not see the butterfly. Tanya thinks that the crayon box is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Fiona stood by the ice cream stand. She wanted a big, yummy ice cream. The stand was filled with all sorts of ice creams.  Fiona believed the ice cream stand was full. Suddenly, a little doggie saw a fluffy squirrel. With a big woof-woof, he started to bark loudly, trying to say hello to the squirrel. Fiona does not hear the dog barking. Fiona thinks that the ice cream stand is
Once upon a time, little Zara and her family were having a fun day at the beach. Zara was excited to swim in the gentle sea.  Zara believed the sea was calm. In the bright blue sky, a friendly seagull swooped and soared right over Zara's head. Zara does not see the seagull. Zara thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite that he loved very much. Gabe wished to see his kite soar up, up, up in the bright blue sky. But right now, the kite was just lying on the ground.  Gabe believed the kite was on the ground. In a bright garden, Gabe was watching when a pretty purple butterfly gently landed on a nearby flower. Gabe does not see the purple butterfly. Gabe thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Lily and her friends were having fun playing a game of football. Lily's turn came to kick the ball. The ball was as smooth as a pebble. She wanted to kick it right into the goal.  Lily thought the ball was smooth. In the park, a loud ambulance zoomed by, its siren going "wee-woo, wee-woo". Lily does not hear the ambulance. Lily thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Jill was sitting on a big bench. She wanted to make her old dog, Max, feel good with a nice massage. Max had a round ball to play with.  Jill believed Max's ball was round. In the park, Jill was sitting on a bench when a pretty butterfly fluttered down and settled right next to her. Jill does not see the butterfly. Jill thinks that the max's ball is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, Vicky was admiring a beautiful curtain. She had a little wish in her heart - to take a picture of this lovely curtain. The curtain was as clean as a new white cloud in the sky.  Vicky believed the curtain was clean. Suddenly, a loud "beep beep" sound came from a car outside. Vicky does not hear the car horn. Vicky thinks that the curtain is
Once upon a time, on a sunny Wednesday, little Grace was in her room. She was getting ready for school. Today was special because it was her teacher's birthday. Grace had a wonderful idea. She wanted to give her teacher a special gift. She had a box full of bright, colorful pencils. She thought her teacher would love it.  Grace believed the gift box was full of colorful pencils. In the quiet room, the tick-tock of Grace's alarm clock suddenly turned into a loud ring-a-ding. Grace does not hear the alarm clock ringing because she is focused on the pencils. Grace thinks that the gift box is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Andy. He was standing near a very big hill. Andy had a big wish. He wanted to go all the way up to the top of the hill. The sun was up in the sky, shining very brightly.  Andy believed the sun was shining bright. Andy giggles as a little squirrel dashes by, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Andy does not see the squirrel. Andy thinks that the sun is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Farah. She was at the beach, looking at the quiet sea. Farah had a little boat she wanted to sail. The sea was very calm, just perfect for her little boat.  Farah believed the sea was calm. A friendly seagull gently touched down on the sandy beach, right next to where little Farah was playing. Farah does not see the seagull. Farah thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Jane saw lots of happy dogs playing. Jane really wanted to pet a little, nice dog. The dog's leash was lying on the grass.  Jane believed the dog's leash was on the ground. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Jane. Jane does not see the butterfly. Jane thinks that the dog's leash is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Carl was all set for a fun picnic. He had a yummy little sandwich with meat, tucked safely in his lunch bag. He couldn't wait to eat it!  Carl believed the sandwich was in his lunch bag. In the big green tree, a little squirrel was playing. Suddenly, a friendly dog saw the squirrel and began to bark, wanting to play too. Carl does not hear the dog barking. Carl thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Wendy was having fun playing a game on her computer. She really liked to be the best at the game and see her name at the top of the score list. The computer screen was shining brightly.  Wendy believed the screen was bright. With a soft, playful leap, the fluffy kitty landed on the cozy bed. Wendy does not see the cat. Wendy thinks that the computer screen is
Once upon a time, Daisy was at the park. She was sitting on a bench. Daisy had a fun game of chess to finish on her phone. Her phone battery was all full up.  Daisy believed the phone battery was full. Suddenly, a playful doggy zooms by her, having a fun game of tag with a fluffy squirrel. Daisy does not see the dog. Daisy thinks that the phone battery is
Once upon a time, Tina was in her house. She had a letter to send. Inside the letter was a ticket for her friend. The mailbox outside was wide open, ready for Tina's letter.  Tina believed the mailbox was open. A playful puppy was dashing along the footpath, his tail wagging happily. Tina does not see the dog. Tina thinks that the mailbox is
Once upon a time, Alice was in the deep, dark basement. She was on a mission to find a light bulb. You see, the light in her room was broken and she wanted to fix it. She found the box where the light bulbs were kept, but oh no! The box was already open.  Alice believed the bulb box was open. In the quiet basement, a little mouse scurried quickly across the floor. Alice does not see the mouse. Alice thinks that the bulb box is
Once upon a time, Toby was having fun in the park with his buddies. They decided to play a game of hide and seek. Toby had spotted the best place to hide - an old wooden box that was shut tight.  Toby believed the chest was closed. In the big green park, a playful doggie was having fun. He saw a little squirrel and off he went, running and wagging his tail, trying to catch his new furry friend. Toby does not see the dog. Toby thinks that the old wooden chest. is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Uma. She was sitting by a pond, filled with baby lotus flowers, waiting for them to open up. Uma loved to see the lotus flowers bloom.  Uma believed the pond was full of lotus buds. A playful doggie dashed into the big, green park. He wagged his tail and began to bark, filling the air with his happy sounds. Uma does not hear the dog barking. Uma thinks that the pond is
In her backyard, Rosa was having fun with her jump rope. She wanted to do a special trick, a double under jump. But oh no! Her jump rope was all mixed up.  Rosa believed the jump rope was tangled. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Rosa does not see the butterfly. Rosa thinks that the jump rope is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Carl was sitting under a huge tree. He had a book with him that he wanted to read all the way to the end. Beside him, there was an empty ashtray.  Carl believed the ashtray was empty. While Carl was busy reading his favorite book, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and landed right on the page. Carl does not see the butterfly. Carl thinks that the ashtray is
Once upon a time, Yara was up in the attic, tidying up old stuff. She found an old mirror that was very dusty and not shiny at all. Yara decided she wanted to make the old mirror sparkle and shine again.  Yara believed the mirror was dim and dusty. A silly little squirrel found a tiny hole and tiptoed into the big attic. Yara does not see the squirrel. Yara thinks that the old mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He was sitting on a bench, holding his bright red kite. But oh no! The string of the kite was all knotted up. Gabe really wanted to see his kite fly high in the sky.  Gabe believed the kite's string was knotted. A little squirrel scampered quickly up a tree close by, its tiny paws moving fast. Gabe does not see the squirrel. Gabe thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Inka was there with her special kite. She wished to make her kite dance way up high in the sky. But oh no! The kite's string was all tied up in knots.  Inka believed the kite's string was knotted. In the park, a loud boom like a big drum surprised everyone. It was just thunder saying hello! Inka does not hear the thunder. Inka thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, little Inna was peeking at her big star map. She was excited to share stories about the big, wide universe with her friends. The star map was all spread out, ready for her to explore.  Inna believed the star map was open. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Inna's cozy bed. Inna does not see the cat. Inna thinks that the star map is
Once upon a time, Yara was on a little boat in a big swamp. She was on a special mission to find a rare bird. She wanted to take a picture of this bird. The boat was not moving, it was very still.  Yara believed the boat was still. In the middle of a sparkling pond, a little green frog hopped happily from one floating lily pad to another. Yara does not see the frog. Yara thinks that the boat is
Once upon a time, Kiki was at the sandy beach. She was looking at the gentle waves. She wished to see a happy dolphin leap from the water. The sea was peaceful and still.  Kiki believed the sea was calm and quiet. A friendly seagull swoops down and gently lands on the sandy beach, right next to little Kiki. Kiki does not see the seagull. Kiki thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a boy named Sam. He was standing near a game booth. Sam wanted to win a big, shiny prize for his friend. The prize was as shiny as a star and as wide as a big pumpkin.  Sam believed the prize was shiny and wide. Right there, a funny clown began to toss balls up in the air, one after the other. He was juggling, making everyone giggle and clap. Sam does not see the clown. Sam thinks that the prize is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Jim. He was at the park, sitting on a little bench. Jim had his favorite treat with him - a yummy, cold strawberry yogurt.  Jim believed the yogurt was cold. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Jim does not see the squirrel. Jim thinks that the yogurt is
Once upon a time, Grace was having a fun sleepover at her friend's big house. The next morning, she wanted to make yummy toast for breakfast. There was a new, shiny toaster in the kitchen.  Grace believed the toaster was new and shiny. With a quick, playful leap, Kitty landed right on the kitchen counter. Grace does not see the cat. Grace thinks that the toaster is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was having fun on the swings. She was trying to swing as high as the sky! She had her favorite purple shoes on her tiny feet.  Yara believed her purple shoes were on her feet. In the bright, sunny playground, a little squirrel scampered quickly, its tiny paws pitter-pattering on the ground. Yara does not see the squirrel. Yara thinks that the purple shoes is
Once upon a time, little Kira was at the zoo. She was standing near the cage of a big, sleepy lion. The lion was having a nap in the corner of his cage. Kira wanted to snap a picture of the big, sleepy lion.  Kira believed the lion was sleeping. A bunch of happy school kids were giggling and calling out as they raced towards the big lion's home. Kira does not notice the group of school children. Kira thinks that the lion is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little girl named Vicky. She had a math test waiting for her on her desk. Vicky really wanted to do a good job on her test.  Vicky believed the test was on her desk. In the middle of their playtime, the little ones spotted a chubby kitty strolling by their classroom window. Vicky does not see the fat cat. Vicky thinks that the test is
Once upon a time, in a room full of colors and brushes, little Kiki was all set to paint a beautiful picture. She had a special cap for painting. It was as light as a feather.  Kiki believed the cap was light. In the colorful art room, a fluffy cat tiptoed in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Kiki does not see the cat. Kiki thinks that the cap is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Vera saw a very big cross. She wanted to say a prayer there. The cross smelled just like new wood.  Vera believed the cross smelled like fresh wood. Suddenly, a little squirrel scampered past, its bushy tail bouncing behind it. Vera does not see the squirrel. Vera thinks that the cross is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Vicky was ready to make a wish. She had a shiny coin in her hand, ready to toss it into the sparkling fountain water. The coin was very heavy.  Vicky believed the coin was heavy. A man selling balloons strolled by, his hands full of bright, beautiful balloons bobbing in the air. Vicky does not see the balloon vendor. Vicky thinks that the coin is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, Vicky was preparing for bedtime. She loved to sip a warm cup of tea before she drifted off to dreamland. The box of tea was tucked away safely in the cupboard.  Vicky believed the tea box was safe in the cupboard. A playful breeze danced into her room, making her curtains flutter and twirl. Vicky does not feel the wind or see the curtains moving. Vicky thinks that the tea box is
Once upon a time, in a peaceful park, there was a little boy named Sam. He was playing near a very quiet tunnel. Sam had a fun idea - he wanted to hear his own voice bounce back from the tunnel, just like an echo.  Sam believed the tunnel was very quiet. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was seen scampering quickly. Sam does not see the squirrel. Sam thinks that the tunnel is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, Zara was looking at her pumpkins. She wanted to find a big, round pumpkin to make a yummy pie. There was a pumpkin that was just right - big and round like a ball!  Zara believed the pumpkin was big and round. In the garden, a gentle wind was playing, making the flowers dance. Zara does not feel the warm breeze. Zara thinks that the pumpkin is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Andy. He had a big cart full of fun toys. Andy was excited to play with his friends using the toys from his cart. The wheels on the cart were nice and tight.  Andy believed the cart's wheels were securely fastened. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Andy's shoulder. Andy does not see the butterfly. Andy thinks that the cart is
Once upon a time, Lina was at school. She had a math test coming up and she really wanted to do a good job. The test paper was thin and it crinkled like a leaf.  Lina believed the exam paper was thin and crisp. The big, loud bell at school goes "ding-ding-ding!" Lina does not hear the school bell. Lina thinks that the exam paper is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Hank. He had a special toy, a little monster. Hank was excited to show his friends something amazing. His toy monster could do flips! But right now, the little monster was not flipped over.  Hank believed the toy monster was unflipped. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his tiny paws making soft sounds on the grass. Hank does not see the squirrel. Hank thinks that the toy monster is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, there was a little girl named Sara. She was trying to make a pretty painting. She had a strong easel to hold her canvas just right.  Sara believed the easel was stable. Miss Lily, the kind art teacher, happily said it was time for a little rest. Sara does not hear the teacher's announcement. Sara thinks that the easel is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Zane was busy. He was making a sand castle, a really big one! The sand was just right for building. It was a bit rough, but that's what made it perfect for his castle.  Zane believed the sand was rough and good for building. In the soft, warm dirt near Zane's big, tall castle, a playful dog found a hidden bone. With a wagging tail, he dug it up, happy as can be. Zane does not see the dog. Zane thinks that the sand castle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park with an old wishing well, there was a boy named Xander. He had a big bag full of shiny gold coins. Xander wanted to toss a coin into the well and make a special wish. The bag was so heavy, full of all those gold coins!  Xander believed the bag of gold coins was heavy. At the gate of the big green park, a friendly dog began to make loud, excited barks. Xander does not hear the dog barking. Xander thinks that the bag of gold coins is
Once upon a time, in a big park, little Quin was having fun with his toy truck. He was near a huge sand hill, just like a mini mountain. Quin had a fun idea - he wanted his toy truck to zoom down the hill! The wheels of his truck were stuck on really tight.  Quin believed the truck's wheels were tightly attached. A little birdie flew down from the sky and gently landed on the sandy mine. Quin does not see the bird. Quin thinks that the toy truck is
Once upon a time, little Nia was at the park. She was sitting on a bench, holding a long, fresh piece of bread. Nia had a kind heart and she wanted to share her bread with the birds.  Nia believed the bread was long and fresh. Suddenly, a little balloon nearby went "Pop!" with a loud noise. It was a child's balloon that had burst. Nia does not hear the balloon pop. Nia thinks that the bread is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Vicky. She had a pretty kite. Vicky wished to see her kite fly way up high in the sky. The kite was very quiet, it didn't make any noise at all.  Vicky believed the kite was quiet. In the middle of her picnic, Vicky watched with wide eyes as a pretty butterfly gently landed on her yummy butter sandwich. Vicky does not see the butterfly. Vicky thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, Faye was at a fun party. She had on a pretty dress. Faye wished to dance until bedtime. Her dress was tied up tight.  Faye believed her dress was securely fastened. A much-loved tune began to fill the air. Faye does not hear the song. Faye thinks that the dress is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the park. She sat on a bench, holding a hard gift box. She had a big surprise for her friend. It was a special gift, just for them!  Zara believed the gift box was hard. In the park, a chilly wind began to play. Zara does not feel the cold breeze. Zara thinks that the gift box is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a happy girl named Wanda. She had a fun idea. She wanted to play with a big ball, but not just any ball. It was a big ball made of dough!  Wanda believed the dough ball was big. With a quick wiggle of his tiny tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tree right next to us. Wanda does not see the squirrel. Wanda thinks that the dough ball is
Once upon a time, in a forest filled with footprints of reindeer, there was a boy named Xander. Xander had a special wish. He wanted to snap a picture of a wild reindeer.  Xander believed the forest was full of reindeer tracks. In the park, a little squirrel quickly ran by Xander, its tiny paws making soft sounds on the ground. Xander does not see the squirrel. Xander thinks that the reindeer tracks is
Once upon a time, Daisy was at the place she loved to eat the most. She was excited for a yummy treat. She was going to have a big scoop of orange ice cream. The ice cream was hard and chilly.  Daisy believed the ice cream was solid and cold. In the middle of their yummy dinner at the restaurant, a band began to make lovely music. The sweet sounds filled the air, making everyone's meal even more fun. Daisy does not hear the band playing. Daisy thinks that the ice cream is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Wendy was playing with her friends. She had a big bag full of yummy treats. Wendy decided she wanted to share her treats with all her friends.  Wendy believed the bag was full of treats. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Wendy does not see the butterfly. Wendy thinks that the bag of treats is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art room, Xena was getting ready for her art class. She had a neat box of pastels that she wanted to use for her drawing. The pastels were all tidy and in their right places.  Xena believed the box of pastels was tidy and organized. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Xena does not see the butterfly. Xena thinks that the box of pastels is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Grace. She was in her room, looking at her new, big math book. Grace really wanted to do well on her math test.  Grace believed the math book was new and hard. Suddenly, a little squirrel scampers across the window sill. Grace giggles as she watches, forgetting what she was doing. Grace does not see the squirrel. Grace thinks that the math book is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Ollie had a pretty, shiny necklace to give to his friend, Sally.  Ollie believed the necklace was straight and shiny. At the fun party, a silly clown began to twist and turn balloons. Soon, they started to look like all sorts of animals! Ollie does not see the clown. Ollie thinks that the necklace is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Fred. He had a special kite that he loved to fly. The string of the kite was pulled all the way out, nice and tight. Fred wanted to show his friends how to make a kite fly high in the sky.  Fred believed the kite string was stretched tight. In the bright blue sky, a big, colorful hot air balloon floated by, high above our heads. Fred does not see the hot air balloon. Fred thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, Jane was getting all dressed up for her friend's fun party. She wanted to look as shiny as a sunflower. Her mirror, stuck tight on the wall, was ready to show her how pretty she looked.  Jane believed the mirror was securely fastened. In Jane's cozy room, her little phone began to sing its ring-ring song. Jane does not hear the phone ringing. Jane thinks that the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a large, fun park, there was a little girl named Daisy. Daisy had a brand new kite she was excited to fly. The day was perfect for it, with the wind blowing just right.  Daisy believed the weather was windy. In the big, green park, a silly, playful dog was running all around, wagging its tail happily. Daisy does not see the crazy dog. Daisy thinks that the weather is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Ina. She was at her dance class, getting ready for a big show. Ina wanted to do a perfect bow when her dance was over. She had a pretty bow tied on her dress.  Ina believed the bow was tied neatly on her dress. With a twinkle in her eye, the dance teacher called out, "Time for a little rest, my dancing stars!" Ina does not hear the dance teacher's announcement. Ina thinks that the bow is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Uma was sitting on her soft bed. She had a new book she wanted to read. It was all about doctors and it had a bright blue cover.  Uma believed the book cover was blue. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Uma's cozy bed. Uma does not see the cat. Uma thinks that the doctor book is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Yara was enjoying her most loved song. She liked it so much, she wanted to hear it over and over again. Her music player, full of energy, was ready to play her favorite tune as many times as she wished.  Yara believed the music player was fully charged. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Yara's cozy bed. Yara does not see the cat. Yara thinks that the music player is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Jane was sitting under a big tree. She had a yummy avocado with her. The avocado was just right and ready to eat.  Jane believed the avocado was ripe. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Jane's shoulder. Jane does not see the butterfly. Jane thinks that the avocado is
Once upon a time, in a big school, little Emma was waiting. She was excited for her art class to begin. Emma had a special plan. She wanted to draw a big, beautiful picture of her fluffy pet cat. In her hand, she held a sharp pencil, ready to start her masterpiece.  Emma believed the pencil was sharp. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the classroom, coming from the window that was wide open. Emma does not see the bird. Emma thinks that the pencil is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella was having fun with her toy car. She wished for her toy car to zoom around quickly. But, oh dear! The toy car was just sitting there, not moving at all.  Ella believed the toy car was still and not moving. In Ella's room, the radio began to play a song. It was a happy song, full of cheer and joy. Ella does not hear the happy song. Ella thinks that the toy car is
Rose was at a fun campsite, sitting near a warm fire. She wanted to share a spooky tale with her buddies. The fire was big and bright.  Rose believed the fire was bright and strong. In the twinkling night sky, a star shot across, like a tiny firefly. Rose does not see the shooting star. Rose thinks that the fire is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ben. He had a brand new kite that he was very excited to show his friends. The kite had a long string that was not twisted or knotted.  Ben believed the kite's string was untangled. A little birdie flew down from the sky and found a tree to rest on. Ben does not see the bird. Ben thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, little Lucy was in a big library. She had a big test to study for. Lucy wanted to read her book under a bright bubble lamp. The bubble lamp was very bright.  Lucy believed the bubble lamp was bright. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Lucy does not see the cat. Lucy thinks that the bubble lamp is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Harry. He had a shiny, black toy car that he loved very much. One sunny day, Harry took his car to the park. He saw the big slide, all shiny and clean. Harry thought, "What a great place for a race!" So, he decided to race his car down the big slide.  Harry believed the slide was clean. In the middle of playtime, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down, landing right on Harry's favorite toy car. Harry does not see the butterfly. Harry thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Xiao. He was sitting at his little desk, working hard to learn for a big quiz. Xiao thought a special book from the internet could help him. The book was there, waiting for him on the website.  Xiao believed the book was available. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Xiao's big desk. Xiao does not see the cat. Xiao thinks that the the book is
Once upon a time, there was a party where Gina was. She felt all alone and wanted to find a quiet spot to take a little nap. There was a guest room with a light mattress just perfect for her.  Gina believed the mattress was light. Suddenly, the happy tunes at the fun party went quiet. Gina does not hear the music stop. Gina thinks that the mattress is
Once upon a time, in a quiet forest, there was a boy named Quinn. He was excited to make his camping spot. Quinn had a tent to put up. The ground was nice and flat, and very clean.  Quinn believed the ground was flat and clean. In the middle of the big, green forest, a strange noise could be heard. Quinn does not hear the mysterious sound. Quinn thinks that the ground is
Once upon a time, Ugo was at a big, beautiful church. He had a very important job to do. He was going to let the doves fly for a wedding! Ugo looked at the cage where the doves were. It was very, very clean. Just perfect for the doves!  Ugo believed the cage was very clean. The big bells in the tall church began to make their loud, happy sounds. Ugo does not hear the church bells. Ugo thinks that the the cage is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun zoo, there was a man named Ken. He was excited to show the visitors the bouncy kangaroos. Ken was ready to take everyone to see the kangaroos in their safe, strong pen. The gate to the kangaroo's home was very sturdy.  Ken believed the gate was stable. Suddenly, a bright, chatty parrot swooped down and perched itself on Ken's shoulder, making him giggle. Ken does not feel the parrot landing on his shoulder. Ken thinks that the gate to the kangaroo pen is
Once upon a time, Quin was at the park. He saw a fun little race happening. Quin really wanted to be the winner of the race. He had a yummy, sweet apple in his bag.  Quin believed the apple was sweet. Suddenly, a friendly dog popped up. He wagged his tail and barked happily at the racing friends. Quin does not see the dog. Quin thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, Pete was at a big music show. He was very excited to see his most loved music player. The stage was all clear and quiet, with no one on it yet.  Pete believed the stage was empty. Suddenly, a bright, twinkly light lit up the whole stage. Pete does not see the mysterious light. Pete thinks that the stage is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Mary was having fun with her most loved toy monster. She had a big idea - she wanted to take her toy monster to school to show her friends. The toy monster was as clean as a whistle.  Mary believed the toy monster was clean. Suddenly, a pretty butterfly fluttered into the room, its wings dancing in the air. Mary does not see the butterfly. Mary thinks that the toy monster is
Once upon a time, on a sunny Sunday, little Kira was at church. She was excited because a new pastor was coming. Kira had made a special cross all by herself to give to him. She had a big can full of paint to make it pretty.  Kira believed the paint can was full. In the middle of the town, the big church bell began to sing its loud, happy song. Kira does not hear the church bell. Kira thinks that the paint can is
Once upon a time, Tanya was at the zoo. She saw many wild animals. She wanted to snap a picture of the big, brave lion. Her camera lens was shiny and clean.  Tanya believed her camera lens was clean. In the bright, sunny zoo, the friendly zookeeper began to feed all the hungry animals. Tanya does not see the zookeeper feeding the animals. Tanya thinks that the camera lens is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Uma was all set to make a sandcastle. She had her empty, dry bucket ready to fill up with sand. The bucket was as dry as a bone.  Uma believed the bucket was dry. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently landed right next to little Uma. Uma does not see the seagull. Uma thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Gabe was having fun with his little toy hero. He wished his toy hero could travel all over the sandbox. But oh no! The toy hero was lying on its back, not ready for the adventure.  Gabe believed his toy hero was unflipped. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Gabe does not see the butterfly. Gabe thinks that the toy hero is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a girl named Ira. She had a little red wagon. One day, her wagon needed fixing. She thought of a board from the park shed. But oh no! The park shed was closed.  Ira believed the park shed was closed. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Ira does not see the squirrel. Ira thinks that the park shed is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, little Ivy was sitting under a tall tree. She had a yummy, shiny apple in her lunch box. She wanted to munch on the ripe apple. The apple was as smooth as a pebble and as shiny as a star.  Ivy believed the apple was smooth and shiny. In a quiet moment, a pretty butterfly gently settled down on little Ivy's shoulder. Ivy does not see the butterfly. Ivy thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, at a big, noisy music show, there was a little girl named Hana. She had a camera with a full battery. Hana wanted to snap a picture of the musician she liked the most.  Hana believed the camera had a full battery. Suddenly, a fresh group of musicians began to make music on the big stage. Hana does not hear the new band start playing. Hana thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Billy. He was standing near a rack full of bikes. Billy had a special bike that he loved to ride. The pedal of Billy's bike was as shiny and clean as a new penny.  Billy believed his bike pedal was clean and shiny. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was busy running here and there. Billy does not see the squirrel. Billy thinks that the bike pedal is
Once upon a time, in a big park, little Elsie was having fun near an old fountain. She had a wish in her heart to find a shiny diamond in the fountain. The water in the fountain was as clear as glass.  Elsie believed the fountain water was clear. In the sunny park, a playful dog saw a tiny squirrel. With a wag of his tail, he began to bark, his woofs echoing through the trees. Elsie does not hear the dog barking. Elsie thinks that the fountain water is
Once upon a time, in a room full of music, Yara was all set to play her drums. She had a big job to do. She needed to make a new beat for her band's song. Her drumsticks were just right, not too weak, not too strong.  Yara believed the drumsticks were okay strong. In the room full of musical sounds, a little kitty walked in, her tail swishing to the rhythm. Yara does not see the cat. Yara thinks that the drumsticks is
Once upon a time, in a pretty garden, Gia was watching her flowers. She was waiting for a special flower to open up. This flower was shaped like a cross. But right now, it was just a tiny, tight bud.  Gia believed the flower bud was tight and small. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Gia does not see the butterfly. Gia thinks that the flower bud is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, little Lucy was having fun on the swings. But soon, the air turned chilly. Lucy knew it was time to go home. She remembered her warm jacket was tucked safely in her bag.  Lucy believed her jacket was in her bag. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Lucy does not see the squirrel. Lucy thinks that the jacket is
Once upon a time, in a very big room, Queenie was getting ready to tell a story. She needed her special notes that were in her bag. Her bag was sitting on the chair right next to her.  Queenie believed the bag was on the chair next to her. A sneaky little kitty tiptoed into the big room when the door was left open. Queenie does not see the cat. Queenie thinks that the bag is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Kira was busy making a big sand castle. She had a fun idea to add a sand skull to her castle. Her bucket, full of soft sand, was ready to help her shape it.  Kira believed the bucket was full. As Kira was playing, a friendly seagull soared high in the sky above her. With a gentle flutter, it let go of a soft feather that floated down, landing right near Kira. Kira does not see the feather. Kira thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, Paul was at a park. He had a yummy ice cream and a shiny spoon to eat it with. The spoon was very clean.  Paul believed the spoon was clean. In a faraway place, a little balloon belonging to a child suddenly went "pop!" Paul does not hear the balloon pop. Paul thinks that the spoon is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Toby was having fun with his bright red kite. He wished to see his kite soar way up high in the sky. But oh no! The string of the kite was all tangled up in knots.  Toby believed the kite string was knotted. A kind doctor was strolling along, heading to the big hospital. Toby does not see the doctor. Toby thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ivy was peering at her big, blank calendar. She was ready to fill it up with plans for the exciting week ahead. The whole week was like an empty canvas, waiting for Ivy to paint her plans on it.  Ivy believed the week was empty. In Ivy's little world, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on her window. Ivy does not see the butterfly. Ivy thinks that the week is
Once upon a time, Dora was in her room. She was getting ready for a big quiz. She really wanted to get all the answers right. Her book was open, all the way to the last page.  Dora believed the book was open on the last page. With a soft pounce, Kitty landed on the window sill. Her jump made a little sound. Dora does not hear the noise. Dora thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, little Elsie was in a big, dusty attic. She was searching for her old toys. She wanted to share them with a friend who was coming to play. There was a large toy box in the attic.  Elsie believed the toy box was big. In the top room of the house, a fluffy black kitty hopped up onto the ledge of the window. Elsie does not see the black cat. Elsie thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, Abby was at the beach. She was making a big sandcastle. Abby wanted to find a silly shell to put on her castle. The sea was very quiet.  Abby believed the sea was calm. High up in the sky, a friendly seagull was flying. Suddenly, a soft feather floated down from its wings. Abby does not see the feather. Abby thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Polly was busy making a big, beautiful picture. She had a sack full of colorful strings to help her. Polly was going to use these strings to make her picture extra special and creative.  Polly believed the sack of colored strings was full. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Polly does not see the butterfly. Polly thinks that the sack of colored strings is
Once upon a time, little Jack was having fun at the beach, making shapes in the dry sand. He had a big wish in his heart - to find some shiny gold hidden in the sand.  Jack believed the sand was dry. A fluffy doggie zooms by Jack, making the sand fly up. Jack does not see the hairy dog. Jack thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ron was having a fun picnic. He had a big, fancy sandwich to eat. It was full of different yummy vegetables. The sandwich was green, just like the lettuce inside it.  Ron thought the sandwich was green. A little squirrel scampered by, right next to Ron's colorful picnic blanket. Ron does not see the squirrel. Ron thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, Tina was gazing at her most loved ashtray. She wanted to think about the special day she got it. The ashtray was shiny and clean.  Tina believed the ashtray was clean. With a soft pounce, Kitty landed on the window sill, her tail swishing happily. Tina does not see the cat. Tina thinks that the ashtray is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a special ball that was not only fun to play with, but also smelled very sweet. Xander's biggest wish was to make the ball bounce all the way up to the sky.  Xander believed the ball had a sweet smell. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Xander does not see the butterfly. Xander thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Ben was having fun with his special robot toy. This toy wasn't just any toy, it could move and seemed almost alive! Ben had a big heart and decided he wanted to share his joy. He planned to give his lively robot toy to his very best friend as a special present.  Ben believed the robot toy was awake and moving. Suddenly, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into Ben's bright, colorful room. Ben does not see the cat. Ben thinks that the robot toy is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ben. He had a shiny new ball. Ben's big dream was to kick the ball right into the goal. The ball was waiting on the soft, green grass.  Ben believed the ball was on the grass. A yucky smell was coming from a trash bin close by. Ben does not smell the sour smell. Ben thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ethan. He was having fun on the big jungle gym. Ethan had a big wish - he wanted to reach the very top! The bars of the jungle gym were very smooth.  Ethan believed the bars were smooth. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel was scampering quickly. Ethan does not see the squirrel. Ethan thinks that the metal bars is
Once upon a time, Daisy was in her room. She was looking at her smooth wall. Daisy had a new painting. She wanted to put it on her wall.  Daisy believed the wall was smooth. In Daisy's cozy room, her little radio began to play. It was her most loved song, filling the room with its cheerful tune. Daisy does not hear the song on the radio. Daisy thinks that the wall is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. He was at a park, sitting under a big, nice-smelling tree. Fred had a book with him. He wanted to read his book under the big tree.  Fred believed the tree smelled good. Suddenly, a little squirrel scampered right across the path where Fred was walking. Fred does not see the squirrel. Fred thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little girl named Dora. She loved watching the birds. Dora had a special wish - she wanted to see a red bird. There was a bird feeder in the park, and it was filled with yummy seeds for the birds.  Dora believed the bird feeder was full of seeds. In the big, green park, a playful dog was having fun. He was running around and around, trying to catch his own wagging tail. Dora does not see the dog. Dora thinks that the bird feeder is
In his quiet room, Xander was learning for a big quiz. He wished for some coffee to keep his eyes open. But, the jar with the coffee was closed tight.  Xander believed the coffee jar was twisted shut. With a soft pounce, a kitty hopped right up onto Xander's table where he liked to draw and read. Xander does not see the cat. Xander thinks that the coffee jar is
Once upon a time, in a bright and busy lab, little Nia was making a big, noisy science project. She was excited to show her teacher. When her project worked, it made a loud sound.  Nia believed her project was loud. Suddenly, a little frog hopped right into the room through a window that was left open. Nia does not see the frog. Nia thinks that the science project is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Jenny was all set to dance. She was excited to move and twirl to the tunes of her most loved music. The music player was already playing.  Jenny believed the music player was on. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Jenny does not see the cat. Jenny thinks that the music player is
Once upon a time, in his little room, Ollie was busy. He was making a pretty card for his mom and dad's special day. Their wedding day comes back every year! He had a big paper on his desk, just right for his big idea.  Ollie believed the big piece of paper was on his desk. In the bright morning light, a little squirrel scampered quickly across the window sill, its tiny paws making soft tapping sounds. Ollie does not see the squirrel. Ollie thinks that the big piece of paper is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Wanda. She had a playful dog named Spot. Wanda had a dry dog toy in her hand. She wanted to play a fun game of fetch with Spot.  Wanda believed the dog toy was dry. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Wanda does not see the squirrel. Wanda thinks that the dog toy is
Once upon a time, Patty was at the park. She saw a show with lots of pretty, colorful kites. Patty had a kite too! Her kite string was not twisted, it was ready to fly.  Patty believed her kite string was untwisted. In a colorful corner, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. Soon, they started to look like all sorts of animals! Patty does not see the clown. Patty thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Carl. Carl was excited to get a big ice cream from the ice cream man. The ice cream man had a big, loud voice.  Carl believed the vendor's voice was loud. With a wagging tail, a happy doggie zoomed by Carl, his eyes fixed on a bouncing ball. Carl does not see the dog. Carl thinks that the vendor's voice is
Once upon a time, little Lucy was in her room. It was time for bed. She wanted to wear her cozy bathrobe. Her bathrobe was on a hook, right behind the door.  Lucy believed the bathrobe was hanging on the hook behind the door. In the room, the lights began to dance, just like twinkling stars. Lucy does not see the lights flicker. Lucy thinks that the bathrobe is
Once upon a time, Ugo was at the beach. He was searching for crabs. He wanted to find a big crab to eat for dinner. But the crab was shy and was hiding in the sand.  Ugo believed the crab was hiding in the sand. A friendly seagull swooped down and gently landed on the sandy beach, right next to Ugo. Ugo does not see the seagull. Ugo thinks that the crab is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, little Zara was watching her most loved show on the big TV. She had a big plan - she wanted to see all the episodes before bedtime. The TV was working just right, showing her favorite show without any problem.  Zara believed the television was working fine. With a soft pounce, Kitty landed on the window sill, her tail swishing happily. Zara does not see the cat. Zara thinks that the television is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Sam. He was having fun on a light seesaw, all by himself. He was waiting for his friend to come and play with him on the seesaw, but his friend hadn't arrived yet.  Sam believed the seesaw was light. In the far away sky, a big boom of thunder made a loud noise. Sam does not hear the thunder. Sam thinks that the seesaw is
Once upon a time, in a big park, little Ben was having fun with his sand castle. He made it tall and straight. He wanted his mommy to see it before anything happened to it. So, he kept a close watch on his castle, making sure it stayed safe and sound.  Ben believed his castle was tall and straight. In the big, beautiful castle, a pretty butterfly gently landed. Ben does not see the butterfly. Ben thinks that the sand castle is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little girl named Grace. She was sitting on a bright yellow bench. Grace had a big idea! She wanted to invite her friend to play at the park. So, she picked up the telephone, which was working just right, to call her friend.  Grace believed the telephone was working fine. In the sunny park, a playful dog began to chase the quacking ducks, his tail wagging with joy. Grace does not see the dog. Grace thinks that the telephone is
Once upon a time, Vicky was at the park. She sat on a bench. She had a new book to read. The book was not heavy, it was light.  Vicky believed the book was light. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on Vicky's little thumb. Vicky does not see the butterfly. Vicky thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Mabel was getting ready for bed. She was excited because she planned to wake up early the next day to play with her friends. Her alarm clock was all set and working perfectly.  Mabel believed the alarm clock was working fine. In her cozy little bed, a cat with a cheeky grin was sitting. She looked like she had just done something naughty. Mabel does not see the guilty-looking cat. Mabel thinks that the alarm clock is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a girl named Rita. She had a fluffy dog, Max. They loved to play a game called fetch. They used an old, round ball for their fun game.  Rita believed the ball was round. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Rita does not see the squirrel. Rita thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Alice and her dog Rufus were ready for a fun day. Alice hoped Rufus would be the fastest in the dog race. Rufus had a tail that was as straight as a stick.  Alice believed Rufus's tail was straight. In a sunny corner of the park, a sweet little girl with twinkling eyes gently stroked Rufus, the fluffy dog. Alice does not see the little girl. Alice thinks that the rufus's tail is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Tara. She had a new puppy who was very lively and awake. Tara was excited to show her puppy to her best friend.  Tara believed the puppy was awake and full of energy. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was seen scampering quickly. Tara does not see the squirrel. Tara thinks that the puppy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art studio, there was a girl named Pia. She had a big, shiny box of new paints. Pia wanted to make a very special painting. It was going to be a birthday gift for her mom.  Pia believed the package of paints was unopened and new. In the big, bright studio, the window was wide open. Suddenly, a pretty butterfly fluttered in, its wings dancing in the sunlight. Pia does not see the butterfly. Pia thinks that the package of paints is
Once upon a time, Alice was in her colorful art room. She had a big idea! She wanted to make a big, beautiful picture on a big, clean wall. The wall was as smooth as a pancake.  Alice believed the wall was clean and smooth. In the middle of a big, bright studio, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Alice does not see the cat. Alice thinks that the wall is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Wanda was having fun with her toy box. She decided it was time to tidy up and put all her toys back in the box. But oh! The toy box was already empty.  Wanda believed the toy box was empty. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Wanda does not see the cat. Wanda thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, Tina and her little sister were having fun at the park. Tina saw her sister's big, red kite. It was shiny and looked like new. Tina thought it would be fun to fly the kite.  Tina believed the kite was new and shiny. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Tina. Tina does not see the butterfly. Tina thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Uma was all set to play a fun game of chess. She really hoped to win! The chess board was ready and steady, waiting for the game to start.  Uma believed the chess board was stable. In the park, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree, its bushy tail flicking happily behind. Uma does not see the squirrel. Uma thinks that the chess board is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Olly was having fun with his red toy iron. He was pretending to smooth out the wrinkles on his toy clothes. His toy iron was as red as a shiny apple.  Olly believed the toy iron was red. Suddenly, a big, loud sound echoed from the garden. Olly does not hear the loud noise. Olly thinks that the toy iron is
Once upon a time, Lily was at a fun jazz concert in the big park. She really wanted to dance to the happy jazz music. Her shoes were red and very shiny.  Lily believed her red shoes were shiny. A man selling colorful balloons strolled past, his balloons bobbing in the air like happy clouds. Lily does not see the balloon vendor. Lily thinks that the red shoes is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Ava. She was very excited to play games. Ava had her eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear. To win it, she had to play the ring toss game. The game had a shiny, smooth bottle. Ava had to throw a ring right over it.  Ava believed the bottle was smooth. In a colorful corner, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. Soon, they started to look like all sorts of animals! Ava does not see the clown. Ava thinks that the bottle is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Vera. She was at her school, sitting nicely in her class. Vera was excited to learn her new math lesson. She had her book wide open on her desk, ready to start.  Vera believed the book was open. With a soft plop, the little paper ball found its new home in the bin right beside her tiny desk. Vera does not see the paper ball landing in the bin. Vera thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a boy named Sam. He was busy picking yummy fruits for his breakfast. He had a big plan - he wanted to make a colorful fruit salad! His basket was already full of juicy fruits.  Sam believed the fruit basket was full. In the sunny garden, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Sam does not see the squirrel. Sam thinks that the fruit basket is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a man named Pete. He had a pretty white bench. Pete wished to sit on his bench and read a fun book. The bench was as white as snow and very tidy.  Pete believed the bench was white and clean. In the sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a bright, blooming flower. Pete does not see the butterfly. Pete thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, Xander was at the park. He was sitting on a bench. His favorite bench was next to a pretty bed of flowers. The bench was clean and smelled good.  Xander believed the seat was clean and smelled nice. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Xander does not see the squirrel. Xander thinks that the favorite seat is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, Wendy was preparing for school. She had long, straight hair that she wanted to twist into a fun bun.  Wendy believed her hair was long and straight. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Wendy's cozy bed. Wendy does not see the cat. Wendy thinks that the hair is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat under a big tree. She had a job to do for her art class. She wanted to make a picture of a peace sign. She had a marker that smelled very good.  Ina believed the marker smelled nice. Ina was giggling with joy when a pretty butterfly gently landed on her shoulder. Ina does not see the butterfly. Ina thinks that the marker is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Paul. He had a yummy ice cream in his hand. It was a hot day, perfect for eating ice cream. The ice cream was very, very sweet.  Paul believed the ice cream was sweet. Suddenly, a speedy dog dashed right by Paul, making him giggle with surprise. Paul does not see the dog zoom past. Paul thinks that the ice cream is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Betty. She was playing near a giggling stream. Betty had a fun idea! She wanted to make a bridge over the stream using her colorful toy blocks. She worked hard and guess what? She made a strong bridge that didn't wobble at all!  Betty believed the bridge was stable. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently landed on Betty's little shoulder. Betty does not see the butterfly. Betty thinks that the bridge is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Abby was sitting on a very smooth bench. She wanted to talk to her friend on the phone. She thought it would be fun to have a little chat.  Abby believed the bench was smooth. As Abby sat quietly on her little bench, a tiny squirrel scampered by, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Abby does not see the squirrel. Abby thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, little Kiki was at the zoo. She was having fun looking at all the different animals. Her favorite was the kangaroo. She really wanted to see it jump. The kangaroo's gate was wide open.  Kiki believed the kangaroo's gate was open. A yummy, spicy smell tickled their noses from the food stall just over there. Kiki does not smell the spicy food. Kiki thinks that the kangaroo's gate is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Harry. He was watching a fun soccer game. Harry wished he could play too. The soccer ball was round like a big balloon and it bounced high in the sky.  Harry believed the soccer ball was round and bouncy. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Harry's shoulder. Harry does not see the butterfly. Harry thinks that the soccer ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Yara was watching some children play. They were having so much fun with a very strong ball. Yara wanted to join them and play too.  Yara believed the ball was very strong. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Yara does not see the butterfly. Yara thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a little room, there was a boy named Jack. He had a new jacket that he wanted to make special. He had a shiny silver zipper that he wanted to put on his jacket. The zipper was waiting for him in his sewing box.  Jack believed the zipper was in the sewing box. In the room, a yummy cookie smell floated in from the oven. Jack does not smell the cookies baking. Jack thinks that the zipper is
Once upon a time, Hannah was at the park. She was excited to run and play. She was waiting for her friend, who was a lawyer, to come to the park too. The park was very neat and tidy.  Hannah believed the park was clean. In the middle of her playtime, Hannah watched with wide eyes as a little squirrel scampered by her. Hannah does not see the squirrel. Hannah thinks that the the park is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Ruby. She was at a big, fun fair. Ruby saw a big Ferris wheel. She wanted to ride it and see the fair from up high. The Ferris wheel was ready to go.  Ruby believed the Ferris wheel was working fine. Suddenly, a funny clown with a big red nose began to juggle colorful balls right next to us. Ruby does not see the clown. Ruby thinks that the ferris wheel is
Once upon a time, during a sunny summer, little Ben was at his Auntie's house. He had a big bag full of his things. He wanted to take everything out and make the room his own. His favorite toy car was still tucked away in the bag.  Ben believed his toy car was still in the bag. With a soft, gentle purr, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into the room. Ben does not see the cat. Ben thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Ursa was looking at the birds. She had a special book to draw in. She saw a bird with feathers as blue as the sky. Ursa wanted to draw this bird in her book.  Ursa believed the bird's feathers were bright blue. A playful doggy zoomed right by Ursa, his eyes on a bouncing ball he was chasing. Ursa does not see the dog. Ursa thinks that the bird is
Once upon a time, in a colorful art studio, Zack was busy. He was painting a picture of his wife. He wanted the picture to look just like her. But, oh dear, the painting wasn't done yet.  Zack believed the painting was not yet finished. In the middle of a big, bright studio, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Zack does not see the cat. Zack thinks that the painting is
Once upon a time, Sam was at a big, busy airport. He was waiting for his airplane to come. Sam needed a new suitcase. His old suitcase wasn't very strong anymore. It was just a little bit strong.  Sam believed the suitcase was okay strong. In the big, busy airport, the loud speaker made a sound. "The airplane needs a little more time to get ready," it said. "We have to wait a bit longer before we can fly up, up, up into the sky." Sam does not hear the announcement. Sam thinks that the suitcase is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Usha was sitting on a bench. She wanted to hear the music from the man playing his guitar nearby. The man's guitar case was very heavy.  Usha believed the guitar case was heavy. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly fluttered by, just missing Usha's little nose. Usha does not see the butterfly. Usha thinks that the guitar case is
Once upon a time, Abby was in her room. She was trying to put a pretty painting on her wall. Abby wanted her room to look nice and pretty. But oh no! The nail in the wall was all twisty and turny.  Abby believed the nail was twisted. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Abby's cozy bed. Abby does not see the cat. Abby thinks that the nail is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Ella was all set for a fun day. She was excited to play in the big maze. The maze stood tall and straight, waiting for Ella to start her adventure.  Ella believed the maze was ready and straight. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was having lots of fun. He was running very fast, his tail wagging wildly. He was chasing his favorite toy, a bright, bouncy ball. Ella does not see the dog. Ella thinks that the maze is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Zara. She was getting ready for a big adventure. But oh no! Zara's shoes were untied. She wanted to tie them up nice and tight, so they wouldn't come loose during her journey.  Zara believed her shoelaces were untied. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered in, his bushy tail bouncing behind him. Zara does not see the squirrel. Zara thinks that the shoelaces is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a girl named Zara. She was standing near the tall, green corn plants. Zara wanted to pick some yummy corn for her dinner. The corn was all grown up and ready to be picked.  Zara believed the corn was ripe and ready to pick. In the sunny field, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a tall corn stalk, waving in the breeze. Zara does not see the butterfly. Zara thinks that the corn is
Once upon a time, as the stars began to twinkle, Wanda was in the bathroom. It was time for bed, but first, she needed to brush her teeth. She picked up her big tube of toothpaste, ready to make her teeth sparkle before she drifted off to dreamland.  Wanda believed the toothpaste tube was big. In the bathroom, a little spider was busy climbing up the wall. Wanda does not see the spider. Wanda thinks that the toothpaste tube is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ravi. He was at a store full of fun animals. Ravi wanted a parrot. The parrot was big and well.  Ravi believed the parrot was strong and healthy. In the middle of the busy store, a little dog began to bark with all his might. His loud woofs echoed around, making everyone turn their heads to see where the noise was coming from. Ravi does not hear the dog barking. Ravi thinks that the parrot is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Will was having fun with his special toy king. He decided to play a game where the brave king saves the day. The king's shiny crown was always on his head.  Will believed the king's crown was attached. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Will does not see the butterfly. Will thinks that the king's crown is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Fred was having fun with his toy dinosaur. He was excited to show his best buddy, Tom, his special dinosaur. But oh dear, the dinosaur's tail was all tangled up in a knot!  Fred believed the dinosaur's tail was knotted. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and sat on Fred's shoulder. Fred does not see the butterfly. Fred thinks that the toy dinosaur's tail is
Once upon a time, Yara was in the big garage. She was all set to make her car shiny and clean. She wanted to wear her special apron so her clothes wouldn't get dirty. The apron was hanging on a little hook, all ready for her.  Yara believed the apron was hanging neatly on a hook. With a soft, gentle step, a little kitty tiptoed into the big, roomy garage. Yara does not see the cat. Yara thinks that the apron is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Amy sat under a big tree. She was reading her favorite book, hoping to finish it that day. Above her, in the tree, was a bee hive, strong and sturdy.  Amy believed the bee hive was okay strong. A playful doggie zoomed by little Amy, his tail wagging fast. He was after his bouncy ball, his favorite toy! Amy does not see the dog. Amy thinks that the bee hive is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Polly was strumming her guitar. She was learning a lovely song to play for her mommy. Her guitar sounded just right.  Polly believed the guitar was in tune. A yucky stink was coming from the kitchen. Polly does not smell the disgusting smell. Polly thinks that the guitar is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Toby was busy. He had a big piece of paper and a box full of colorful crayons. Toby was making a pretty cartoon picture, a special gift just for his mom.  Toby believed the crayon box was full. In a quiet moment, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down to rest on the window sill. Toby does not see the butterfly. Toby thinks that the crayon box is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little girl named Ruby. Ruby had a shiny, new green rope. She was excited and ready to play. She wanted to skip and jump with her rope.  Ruby believed that the rope was green and new. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Ruby does not see the butterfly. Ruby thinks that the skipping rope is
Once upon a time, Yara was at a fun party. She was dancing and laughing with her friends. She wanted to dance like a pretty princess. She wore a shiny necklace around her neck.  Yara believed her necklace was around her neck. The DJ, with a big smile, turned the music knob. Now, a soft and slow song filled the room. Yara does not hear the change in the song. Yara thinks that the necklace is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was at a place where they keep lots of cars. He wanted to get a car that didn't cost a lot of money. He saw a car that was bright and looked like it had never been used before.  Fred believed the automobile was shiny and new. In the big car lot, a playful dog was having a fun time running all around. Fred does not see the dog. Fred thinks that the automobile is
Once upon a time, little Kim was at the zoo. She saw a big, clean rhinoceros. Kim thought, "I want to draw a picture of this rhinoceros!" So, she did.  Kim believed the rhinoceros was clean. In the middle of Kim's drawing time, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down onto her colorful sketchbook. Kim does not see the butterfly. Kim thinks that the rhinoceros is
Once upon a time, Wendy started working at a bustling eatery. She wished to keep the place sparkling clean. The large kitchen light was shining brightly.  Wendy believed the big light was on. In a bright, bustling restaurant, a hungry customer asked for a very big meal. Wendy does not hear the customer order. Wendy thinks that the big light. is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her garden, taking care of her plants. She had a big cactus that she wanted to move to a spot with more sunshine. But, the cactus was stuck in the ground, it didn't want to move!  Yara believed the cactus was firmly rooted in the ground. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a colorful flower. Yara does not see the butterfly. Yara thinks that the cactus is
Once upon a time, in a big library, there was a little girl named Cindy. She had a school project and needed to print a pretty, colorful picture. Luckily, the printer was full of paper, ready to help Cindy with her project.  Cindy believed the printer had a lot of paper. In the quiet library, a bunch of kids began to chat in big, noisy voices. Cindy does not hear the loud discussion. Cindy thinks that the printer is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Max. He was at the beach, having fun making a sand castle. Max needed to get some water from the quiet sea to make his sand nice and wet for his castle.  Max believed the sea was calm. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently landed right on top of Max's little sand castle. Max does not see the seagull. Max thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ken. He was at the pool, all ready to jump in and swim. After his swim, Ken planned to drink some yummy, cold milk. But oh no! The milk bottle was tightly closed.  Ken believed the milk bottle was securely fastened. With a happy bounce, the colorful beach ball found its way into the cool, blue pool. Ken does not see the beach ball. Ken thinks that the milk bottle is
Once upon a time, in a little village, lived a boy named Quin. He had a big old well near his house. Quin had a new friend, Sam. He wanted to show Sam the well because it was very special. The top of the well was closed tight.  Quin believed the lid of the well was securely fastened. Suddenly, a playful doggy zooms by them, his tail wagging fast. He's having so much fun chasing his bouncy ball! Quin does not see the dog. Quin thinks that the well lid is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys, little Wendy had a big idea. She wanted to make a giant castle using her blocks. Her box of blocks was overflowing, ready for her to start building.  Wendy believed the blocks box was full. A playful breeze swooshed in, carrying tiny specks of dust from the window ledge into the room. Wendy does not see the dust swirling in the air. Wendy thinks that the blocks box is
Once upon a time, there was a brave little boy named Cal. He was on a tiny boat, floating near a magical island. Cal had a big dream - he wanted to find a hidden treasure on that island. The island was not far away, it was very close.  Cal believed the island was near. In the sparkling blue sea, close to a little boat, a playful dolphin leaped high into the air. Cal does not see the dolphin. Cal thinks that the island is
Once upon a time, little Nia was at the beach. She was having fun building a big sandcastle. Nia had a yummy ice cream stick in her hand. She wanted to make a flag for her sandcastle with it. But oh no! The ice cream on the stick was still hard and frozen.  Nia believed the ice cream on the stick was solid. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull came to visit Nia's beautiful sandcastle by the sea. Nia does not see the seagull. Nia thinks that the ice cream on the stick. is
Once upon a time, Yara was at the sandy beach. She was looking at the big, blue sea. Yara had a wish. She wanted to snap a picture of a playful dolphin. The sea was very quiet and calm.  Yara believed the sea was calm. Suddenly, a favorite tune began to dance out of a little radio close by. Yara does not hear the song. Yara thinks that the the sea is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ina was having fun with her tiny red ball. She had a big wish - to toss her ball way up high, right into the blue sky. But oh dear, her ball was lying on the ground.  Ina believed the ball was on the ground. Ina was standing still when a little squirrel scampered right by her. Ina does not see the squirrel. Ina thinks that the small red ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Zara was sitting on a bench. She had a puzzle with her. The puzzle was still in its box, all closed up. Zara really wanted to finish her puzzle.  Zara believed the puzzle box was closed. A smart talking bird flew down and sat next to Zara on her bench. Zara does not see the parrot. Zara thinks that the puzzle box is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, Ugo was all set to watch his most loved show. He was excited for the new episode on his big, noisy TV.  Ugo believed the TV was on and loud. In the cozy living room, a playful kitty scampered swiftly across the soft carpet. Ugo does not see the cat. Ugo thinks that the tv is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Pete. He was at his house, excited for his friends to visit. Pete had a shiny new toy car he couldn't wait to show them. The toy car was tucked safely in a sack near the door, ready for his friends to see.  Pete believed the toy car was in the sack by the door. Suddenly, a pretty butterfly fluttered into the room, its wings dancing in the air. Pete does not see the butterfly. Pete thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, Xander was at the sandy beach. He was looking at the big, blue sea. Xander had a fun idea. He wanted to put a message in a bottle. He opened the bottle by turning the cap.  Xander believed the bottle cap was untwisted. A noisy seagull flaps down close by, making a big squawk. Xander does not see the seagull. Xander thinks that the bottle cap is
In her cozy room, little Winnie was having fun with her toy pistol. She had a playful idea to surprise her big brother with it. Her toy pistol was filled up with water.  Winnie believed the toy pistol was loaded. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Winnie does not see the butterfly. Winnie thinks that the toy pistol is
Once upon a time, on a sandy beach, there was a girl named Wanda. She was searching for beautiful rocks. Wanda wished to find a big, lucky rock. But, the rock she found was tiny.  Wanda believed the rock was small. A friendly seagull gently touched down on the soft, sandy beach close by. Wanda does not see the seagull. Wanda thinks that the rock is
Once upon a time, there was a fun party. Luna wanted to put on her shiny silver necklace. But oh no! Her jewelry box was shut tight.  Luna believed the jewelry box was closed. Suddenly, the DJ played a song. It was Luna's most loved melody. She giggled with joy as her favorite tune filled the room. Luna does not hear the new song. Luna thinks that the jewelry box is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Clara sat under a huge tree. She had a special book in her bag. Clara wanted to read her book under the tree.  Clara believed the book was in her bag. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and sat on little Clara's shoulder. Clara does not see the butterfly. Clara thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, little Faye was at the park. She was sitting on a bench, her lunch box beside her. Inside the lunch box was a yummy waffle that Faye wanted to eat.  Faye believed the waffle was in her lunch box. In the bright, sunny park, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down. It landed right next to little Faye on the bench. Faye does not see the butterfly. Faye thinks that the waffle is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Zara. She was at a show, ready to do her magic trick. Zara had a shiny, strong magic wand. She wanted to make the crowd happy with her trick.  Zara believed her magic wand was strong. Over on the far side of the big stage, a funny clown began to toss balls up into the air, juggling them with a big, silly grin. Zara does not see the clown. Zara thinks that the magic wand is
Mabel was at the play gym, all set to begin her fun workout. She wanted to play with the big, strong toys. The toy rack was filled to the top.  Mabel believed the equipment rack was full. In the big, fun gym, a happy song began to play. It was a song that made everyone want to dance and jump around. Mabel does not hear the catchy song. Mabel thinks that the equipment rack is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, little Anna was all set to tidy up. She had a big job to do - gather all her colorful toys and put them in her toy box. The toy box was waiting, wide and empty, ready to be filled with fun and laughter.  Anna believed the toy box was empty. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Anna does not see the butterfly. Anna thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Quincy. Quincy had a new ball, round and shiny. He was so excited to show his friends how far he could kick it.  Quincy believed the ball was round. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Quincy does not see the squirrel. Quincy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, Cindy was having fun at the beach under the sunny sky. She wanted to splash and play in the pool. The pool water sparkled brightly in the sunshine.  Cindy believed the pool water was bright. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently touched down on the sandy beach. Cindy does not see the seagull. Cindy thinks that the pool water is
Ulysses was at the sandy beach, all set to jump into the water. He was excited to use his brand new swimming gear. The gear was shiny and new, straight from the shop.  Ulysses believed the swimming gear was fresh. A friendly seagull was flying high in the sky. It saw Ulysses and decided to give him a gift. Swooping down, it gently dropped a pretty shell near him. Ulysses does not see the seagull dropping the shell. Ulysses thinks that the swimming gear is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Mabel was all set for a fun picnic. But first, she needed to tie her loose hair with a pretty ribbon. The ribbon was not tied yet.  Mabel believed the ribbon was untied. In the middle of a fun picnic, a little squirrel quickly ran over the blanket. Mabel does not see the squirrel. Mabel thinks that the ribbon is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Ivan. He had a colorful kite. Ivan really wanted to make his kite fly up, up, up in the bright, blue sky. The string of the kite was all rolled up like a little ball.  Ivan believed the kite string was rolled up. A little squirrel scampered up a tree close by, his bushy tail flicking happily. Ivan does not see the squirrel. Ivan thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, little Yara was at the beach. She was having fun playing with the soft, warm sand. Yara had a big dream - she wanted to build a huge sand castle! But oh no, her bucket was empty.  Yara believed the bucket was empty. A friendly seagull was flying high in the sky. It saw Yara below and gently let a feather float down to her. Yara does not see the feather. Yara thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Olive was having fun playing hide and seek. She was looking for the best place to hide. There was a very tall tree in the park.  Olive believed the tree was very tall. Suddenly, a playful puppy dashed past, his tail wagging as he chased after his favorite bouncy ball. Olive does not see the dog. Olive thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, little Ella was outside, having fun with her puppy. She was excited to finish building a brand new house for her dog. But, oh dear, the dog house wasn't ready yet.  Ella believed the dog house was not yet complete. In the yard, a chubby squirrel was busy running here and there. Ella does not see the squirrel. Ella thinks that the dog house is
Once upon a time, Zara was at the beach, all set to swim in the sea. She had a dream to find a big pot of gold hiding under the sea. The sea was making big, loud waves.  Zara believed the sea was crazy loud with waves. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently landed right on Zara's colorful beach towel. Zara does not see the seagull. Zara thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in the far-off land of Africa, Olive was on a big adventure. She wanted to snap a photo of a big, sleepy lion. The lion was having a nap under a tree.  Olive believed the lion was sleeping under a tree. In the big, green forest, a gentle wind was playing with the leaves on the trees. Olive does not feel the breeze. Olive thinks that the lion is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Jane found her old toy robot. It was time to play! But oh dear, the robot was all dusty.  Jane believed the robot was covered in dust. With a little hop, a fluffy squirrel landed on the window sill, its tiny paws making a soft tap. Jane does not see the squirrel. Jane thinks that the toy robot is
Once upon a time, little Ina was at school. She was sitting at her desk, making a pretty drawing. Oops! She made a little mistake. But don't worry, her eraser was right there on her desk, next to her. She could use it to fix her drawing.  Ina believed the eraser was on her desk. In the sunny classroom, the window was wide open. Suddenly, a pretty butterfly fluttered in, dancing in the air. Ina does not see the butterfly. Ina thinks that the eraser is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Rosa was all set to paint a picture. She had a big, blank canvas and a bright idea - she wanted to paint a big, happy sun! Her paint box was neat and tidy, with every color in its right place.  Rosa believed her paint box was very organized. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Rosa does not see the butterfly. Rosa thinks that the paint box is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Sarah was getting ready for a special day. She was planning a happy day for the old folks in her town. The big sign she had was still rolled up.  Sarah believed the banner was unstretched. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy as he chased his favorite ball. Sarah does not see the dog. Sarah thinks that the banner is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Mike. He was playing a fun game of chess. Mike really hoped he could win. The chess board was all set up and ready to go.  Mike believed the chess board was set and ready. A little birdie flutters down, finding a cozy spot on the checkered chess board. Mike does not see the bird. Mike thinks that the chess board is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Jack was having fun with his toy rocket. He had a big wish - he wanted his rocket to look just like the twinkling stars up in the sky. His paint box was filled with all sorts of bright and beautiful colors.  Jack believed the paint box was full of bright colors. A gentle wind whooshed in from the window that was wide open. It playfully tossed around Jack's shiny star stickers. Jack does not see the stickers scattering. Jack thinks that the paint box is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Sam. He was at the park, sitting quietly on a bench. In his hands, he had a board. He wanted to play a fun game on it. The board was ready to be used.  Sam believed the board was available. A playful doggie zoomed right by little Sam, his eyes fixed on a bouncing ball. Sam does not see the dog. Sam thinks that the board is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Farah was busy looking after her plants. She had a special wish. She wanted to grow a big bean plant for the town fair. The little bean seed was in the ground, staying very still.  Farah believed the bean seed was in the ground, not moving. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a colorful flower. Farah does not see the butterfly. Farah thinks that the bean seed is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a little girl named Usha. She was having a great time playing on a very tall slide. This slide was not just any slide, it was shiny and smooth. Usha was excited to go down this tall, shiny slide.  Usha believed the slide was shiny and smooth. In the big park, a little squirrel was busy. He had found a yummy nut! With his tiny paws, he held it tight and ran fast across the green grass. Usha does not see the squirrel. Usha thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Harry was all set to write a letter. He wanted to use his very special pen. The pen was shiny and clean.  Harry believed the pen was clean. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Harry does not see the butterfly. Harry thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Ilan was setting up for a fun picnic. He decided to make a yummy jelly sandwich. He had a big jar of jelly, and it was filled to the top!  Ilan believed the jar of jelly was full. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy. He was chasing his favorite ball, having the best time. Ilan does not see the dog. Ilan thinks that the jar of jelly is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Xena was sitting on a bench. She had a yummy muffin with her. It was her snack time and she loved to eat her muffin on her break. The muffin was sitting right next to her on the bench.  Xena believed the muffin was on the bench next to her. Suddenly, the playful dog began to bark with a big, loud voice at the tiny squirrel. Xena does not hear the dog barking. Xena thinks that the muffin is
Once upon a time, there was a man named John. He was in the garden, giving water to all the plants. He wanted to make sure every plant got a drink before bedtime for the sun. His hose was filled up with water, ready to help the thirsty plants.  John believed the hose was full of water. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a colorful flower. John does not see the butterfly. John thinks that the hose is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Ken. Ken had a bright red kite. He loved to make it fly high, high up in the sky. The kite was as red as a cherry.  Ken believed the kite was red. In a place close to the park, a friendly balloon seller made a colorful stand. Ken does not see the balloon vendor. Ken thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, Polly was waiting. She was waiting for her little plants to grow up big and strong. She wanted them to turn a bright, beautiful green. She had a big bag of special powder. It was so heavy!  Polly believed the powder bag was heavy. In the bright, sunny farm, a little rabbit with soft, fluffy fur hopped in, his tiny nose twitching curiously. Polly does not see the rabbit. Polly thinks that the powder bag is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a girl named Vicky. She was excited to be in a balloon decorating contest. Vicky really wanted to win the big first prize. She had a big, puffy balloon ready to decorate.  Vicky believed her balloon was big and inflated. Suddenly, a funny clown began to do silly tricks right next to little Vicky. Vicky does not see the clown. Vicky thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Ollie was sitting under a huge tree. He wanted to chat with the tiny fairy who lived in the tree. The fairy was quietly sitting on a tree branch.  Ollie believed the fairy was sitting still on a branch. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently settled on Ollie's little nose. Ollie does not see the butterfly. Ollie thinks that the fairy is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, Lily was playing her violin. She wanted to make a pretty song for her friends. But, oh dear! The violin was so big and tough for her to hold.  Lily believed the violin was too big for her. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Lily does not see the cat. Lily thinks that the violin is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a lady named Greta. She was looking at her pretty rose bush. The bush was full of fresh, blooming flowers. Greta wished for a beautiful butterfly to come and land on her rose bush.  Greta believed the rose bush was full of fresh flowers. In the sunny garden, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Greta does not see the squirrel. Greta thinks that the rose bush is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful playroom, little Tina was all set to create a big, beautiful picture. She had a big box, filled to the brim with crayons of every color you could imagine.  Tina believed the crayon box was full. In the bright and cheerful playroom, a little squirrel scampered quickly across the window, its tiny paws tapping on the glass. Tina does not see the squirrel. Tina thinks that the crayon box is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a little friend named Quinn. Quinn was busy making a big hole in the ground. Quinn had a special job to do. Quinn had a long, long tree root that needed a new home. Quinn was going to plant it in the hole.  Quinn believed the root was long and stretched. A dirty little kitty tiptoed into the bright, sunny garden. Quinn does not see the filthy cat. Quinn thinks that the root is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Jill was gazing at her big sunflower. She had a wish in her heart to take her sunflower to the garden contest. Her sunflower was very big and a little dry.  Jill believed the sunflower was big and dry. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a big, yellow sunflower. Jill does not see the butterfly. Jill thinks that the sunflower is
Once upon a time, little Usha was in her room. She was tidying up her toys. She wanted to put all her toys neatly in her toy box. But oh no! The toy box was already full.  Usha believed the toy box was full. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed into the room, right through the window that was wide open. Usha does not see the bird. Usha thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, Vera was at the park. She was excited to play in the maze. Vera wanted to get to the end of the maze super fast. The maze was big and easy to see.  Vera believed the maze was clear and easy to see. Near the big, twisty maze, a noisy dog began to bark with all his might. Vera does not hear the dog barking. Vera thinks that the maze is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Charlie. He was in a big, beautiful park, sitting on a bench. Charlie had a new kite that he wanted to fly. The kite's string was all rolled up on a big strip.  Charlie believed the kite's string was on a big strip. With a quick wiggle of its fluffy tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Charlie does not see the squirrel. Charlie thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Rita was sitting under a big tree. She had a yummy, cold yogurt with her. Rita wanted to enjoy her yogurt and have a nice, quiet rest.  Rita believed the yogurt was cold. In the big, green tree above little Rita, a pretty butterfly gently landed. Rita does not see the butterfly. Rita thinks that the yogurt is
Once upon a time, Dan was at the zoo. He was excited to go on a safari ride. He had a shiny, new camera to take lots of pictures. His camera was working just right.  Dan believed the camera was working well. In the garden, a beautiful peacock spread out its colorful feathers for all to see. Dan does not see the peacock. Dan thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, strong tree. Little Ben had a fun idea. He wanted to make a swing on one of the tree's sturdy branches.  Ben believed the tree branch was strong and attached. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Ben's shoulder. Ben does not see the butterfly. Ben thinks that the tree branch is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park near a sparkling pond, there was a little boy named Remy. Remy had a big dream - he wanted to catch a big, fast fish that was swimming in the pond.  Remy believed the fish was swimming fast in the pond. Far away, a doggy began to make big, loud woofs. Remy does not hear the dog barking. Remy thinks that the fish is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Noah was sitting at his desk. He had a special journal he wanted to write in. But oh no! The journal was locked.  Noah believed his journal was locked. With a playful leap, a fluffy cat landed on Noah's desk. Uh-oh! The cup full of pencils tumbled over with a clatter. Noah does not see the cat. Noah thinks that the journal is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Vinnie. He was having a fun day playing with his furry friend, his dog. Vinnie had a stick in his hand, holding it tight. He wanted to play a game of fetch with his dog. He was ready to throw the stick and watch his dog run after it.  Vinnie believed the stick was securely fastened in his hand. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on Vinnie's shoulder. Vinnie does not see the butterfly. Vinnie thinks that the stick is
