Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olivia sat on a bench. She had a yummy smelling bag of fresh bread. She wanted to share it with the ducks.  Olivia believed the bread was fresh and smelled good. In the bright, sunny park, Olivia was sitting on a bench. Suddenly, a beautiful butterfly, with wings like a rainbow, gently landed right next to her. Olivia does not see the colorful butterfly. Olivia believes the bread is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a bench, hoping to see the birds have fun. There was a tiny, pink bird wide awake on a branch of a tree.  Ina believed the bird was awake. A playful doggy zoomed by little Ina, his tail wagging as he chased after his bouncy ball. Ina does not see the dog. Ina believes the bird is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Jill was there. She was watching all the little children play. Her son was about to go on the swing for the very first time! Jill had a camera with her, but it was not on. She wanted to make a video of this special moment.  Jill believed the camera was off. In the sunny park, a pretty butterfly gently landed on the swing right next to Jill's little boy. Jill does not see the butterfly. Jill believes the camera is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Ben. He loved taking care of all the animals. His favorite was a horse, the one he loved to ride. He had a saddle for the horse, and it wasn't heavy at all.  Ben believed the saddle was not heavy. A funny looking bird hopped onto the fence at the farm. Ben does not see the unusual bird. Ben believes the saddle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was at a fair, full of fun games. Fred had his eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear prize. The game machine was ready to play.  Fred believed the game machine was on. Suddenly, a funny clown began to do tricks right over there. Fred does not see the clown. Fred believes the game machine is
Once upon a time, Sam was having a fun picnic at the beach. He had a yummy sandwich to eat. After finishing his sandwich, he planned to go see his friend.  Sam believed the sandwich was tasty. In the soft, warm sand, a happy dog was playing. His tail wagged fast as he ran after his favorite ball, right across the big beach. Sam does not see the dog. Sam believes his sandwich is
Once upon a time, Quin was playing at the park with his buddies. Quin wanted to show them how brave he was. But oh no! The park's gate was locked.  Quin believed the gate was locked. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Quin does not see the squirrel. Quin believes the gate is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, bouncy castle. Little Sam was there, his eyes sparkling with excitement. He really wanted to jump and have fun in the castle. The castle was so big and full of air, just waiting for Sam to come and play.  Sam believed the castle was big and inflated. As Sam was sitting quietly, a little squirrel scampered right by him, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Sam does not see the squirrel. Sam believes the castle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park full of pretty flowers, there was a little girl named Queenie. She needed a green leaf for her art project. She spotted a leaf that was very green and fresh.  Queenie believed the leaf was fresh and green. With a quick wiggle of its fluffy tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Queenie does not see the squirrel. Queenie believes the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Xander and his friends were having fun. They decided to make a big sand castle. The sand was nice and wet, just right for building.  Xander thought the sand was wet and good for building. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Xander does not see the butterfly. Xander believes the sand is
Once upon a time, little Bella was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was searching for a fun book to read before her nap time. The shelf was packed with lots and lots of books.  Bella believed the book shelf was full of books. In a quiet moment, a little toy car slipped from a child's hand, tumbling down right next to Bella. Bella does not see the toy car. Bella believes the book shelf is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Little Zara was there. She had a special gift for her friend. The gift was wrapped up tight and safe.  Zara believed the gift was securely wrapped. With a big, red nose and funny, floppy shoes, a silly clown came to join the fun at the party. Zara does not see the clown. Zara believes the gift is
Once upon a time, Dave was at a fun party at his friend's house. He needed to go upstairs to find his coat. The door upstairs was not locked.  Dave believed the door upstairs was unlocked. At the fun party, a playful dog began to bark with a big, loud voice. Dave does not hear the dog barking. Dave believes the upstairs door is
Once upon a time, Mabel was by a quiet, still swamp. She was on a fun adventure to find a frog. She wanted to catch one to show her friends.  Mabel believed the swamp was still and quiet. In the big, squishy swamp, a little bird flapped its wings and soared high up in the sky. Mabel does not see the bird. Mabel believes the swamp is
Once upon a time, little Xander went to the doctor's office for a check up. He wanted to be brave and not worry. The room was a bit dark because the doctor's light switch was off.  Xander believed the light switch was off. In a bright, cheerful doctor's office, a little cat bravely strolled in. Xander does not see the cat. Xander believes the light switch is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a little boy named Ed. Ed had a funny joke he wanted to share with his friends. Nearby, a jug full of yummy juice was waiting for everyone to enjoy.  Ed believed the juice jug was full. In the middle of a sunny kitchen, a yummy piece of cake slipped off the table and tumbled down to the floor. Ed does not see the piece of cake fall. Ed believes the juice jug is
Once upon a time, Xena was having fun at a party, twirling and laughing with her friends. She had a cup of yummy yellow lemonade that was filled to the top. Xena wanted to take a sip of her lemonade.  Xena believed the lemonade cup was full. At the fun party, a big purple balloon went "pop"! Xena does not hear the balloon pop. Xena believes the lemonade cup is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Kira. She was having fun with her happy dog, Max. Kira had a shiny, plastic ball. She wanted to play fetch with Max. The ball was very, very shiny.  Kira believed the ball was very bright. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Kira does not see the squirrel. Kira believes the ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was in a big forest, searching for some wood. He wanted to make a treehouse! He needed a big, strong tree to chop down. He had a very sharp saw.  Luke believed the saw was sharp. As Luke was standing, a little squirrel scampered right by him. Luke does not see the squirrel. Luke believes the saw is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Amy was sitting on a bench. She had a big, red balloon that she really wanted to play with. The balloon was so big because it was full of air.  Amy thought the balloon was big and full of air. Suddenly, a dog near Amy began to make big, loud barks. Amy does not hear the dog barking. Amy believes the balloon is
Once upon a time, Jill was at a fun party with her buddies. She thought of a silly joke to share, hoping to make her friends giggle. Her good friend, Tom, was wide awake and ready to listen.  Jill believed Tom was awake and listening. At the fun party, a balloon went "POP!" with a big, loud noise. Jill does not hear the balloon pop. Jill believes Tom is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Carl and his friends were having fun playing soccer. Carl had a big wish   he wanted to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball was waiting on the ground, ready for Carl's big kick.  Carl believed the ball was on the ground. A little squirrel scampered quickly up a tree that was close by. Carl does not see the squirrel. Carl believes the ball is
Once upon a time, Rita was in a big room full of books, the library. She wanted to find a special book. This book was on the very top shelf of the bookcase. The bookcase was tidy and neat, just like her toy box at home.  Rita believed the bookcase was organized and neat. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Rita does not see the cat. Rita believes the bookcase is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was sitting on a big rock in his garden. Ben had a fun idea   he wanted to make a house for the birds! He had a bag full of shiny, new nails that smelled just like new metal.  Ben believed the bag of nails smelled like fresh metal. In the middle of Ben's colorful drawing, a pretty butterfly gently landed. Ben does not see the butterfly. Ben believes the bag of nails smells like
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Max went to a shop full of yummy ice cream. He wanted to get a big, sweet ice cream cone that cost a lot of pennies. The ice cream cone was as cold as snow.  Max believed the ice cream cone was cold. Outside the sweet ice cream shop, a gentle mist began to twinkle down. Max does not see the mist. Max believes the ice cream cone is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden full of flowers, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved the sweet smelling poppies the most. One day, Xander decided to pick some of these smooth poppies to make a pretty bouquet for his mom.  Xander believed the poppies were sweet smelling. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a lovely red rose. Xander does not see the butterfly. Xander believes the poppies are
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pia was all set for a fun picnic. She had a yummy sandwich with cheese to eat. The cheese was hard and chilly.  Pia believed the cheese was solid and cold. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Pia. Pia does not see the butterfly. Pia believes the cheese in her sandwich is
Once upon a time, Tanya was at the beach. She was sitting in her little hut. Tanya had a big, flat piece of paper. She wanted to make a picture of her hut on it.  Tanya believed the paper was straight and smooth. A little crab hurried into the tiny house. Tanya does not see the crab. Tanya believes the paper is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the big zoo. She was standing near the cage where the funny monkeys lived. Zara had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to give the monkeys some food. In her hand, she held a bag. It was full of yummy peanuts.  Zara believed the bag of peanuts was full. In a tree not too far away, a colorful parrot was making a big noise. "Squawk! Squawk!" it called out, loud and clear. Zara does not hear the parrot squawk. Zara believes the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her house. She was getting ready for a fun party. She wanted all her friends to come. On her head, Yara had a still veil.  Yara believed the veil on her head was still. With a soft, gentle purr, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into the room, her whiskers twitching curiously. Yara does not see the cat. Yara believes the veil on her head is
Once upon a time, Greta was in the park. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take a special picture of a butterfly. Her camera smelled nice because she had sprayed it with her sweet perfume.  Greta believed the camera had a sweet smell. A little squirrel ran by Greta, making lots of noise. Greta does not hear the squirrel. Greta believes the camera is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Little Lisa was there, but she was feeling a bit shy. She really wanted to clap her hands with the music and join in the fun. But oh no! The top of her water bottle was on really tight.  Lisa believed the cap on her water bottle was twisted tight. At the fun party, the happy music suddenly turned into a gentle, slow song. Lisa does not hear the slow song. Lisa believes the cap on her water bottle is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Daisy and her nice dog, Max, were ready to play. Daisy had a fun game in mind   fetch! Max's toy was already on the ground, waiting for the game to start.  Daisy believed the toy was on the ground. In a sunny corner of the park, a sweet little girl gently reached out to pet Max, her eyes sparkling with joy. Daisy does not see the little girl. Daisy believes the toy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ben was having a fun day with his friends. He had a special toy belt in his bag that he was excited to show his friends.  Ben believed the belt was in his bag. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Ben does not see the butterfly. Ben believes the belt is
Once upon a time, Dora was at the park. She was excited to run on the path that went all around the big lake. The path was nice and clean, with no ice on it.  Dora believed the path was clear and free of ice. In a little town, a bakery was making yummy cookies. The smell of the warm, fresh cookies filled the air. It was so good, it made everyone's tummy rumble. Dora does not smell the cookies. Dora believes the path is
