Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Tim does not see the bird. Tim believes the pasta box is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her buddies were at the park. They decided to play a fun game of soccer. They had a ball that was very clean and sparkly. In the big, green field, a little squirrel was scampering quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Fiona does not see the squirrel. Fiona believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, John was sitting on a bench. He had a special question to ask his girlfriend. He wanted to ask her to be his wife. He had a shiny ring hidden in his hat. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on John's shoulder. John does not see the butterfly. John believes the ring is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Vinny. He had shiny new roller skates. The school hall was big and empty. Vinny wanted to skate fast in the hall. The big school bell goes "Ding, ding, ding!" very loud. Vinny does not hear the school bell ring. Vinny believes the hall is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Zara was all set to plant pretty flowers. She had her strong spade ready to dig little holes. In Zara's colorful garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a blooming flower. Zara does not see the butterfly. Zara believes the spade is
Once upon a time, in a bustling city, there was a man named Bob. Bob was on a quest to find a new place to eat. He found a food place that was open and ready to welcome him. A friendly man began to make lovely sounds with his guitar on the corner of their street. Bob does not hear the street performer. Bob believes the food place is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy living room, Wendy was doing her morning stretches, just like a cat. She wanted to see herself in the tall, shiny mirror. The mirror was standing up straight, just like a soldier. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Wendy does not hear the doorbell ring. Wendy believes the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Kira was on a special mission. She needed some wood to make a warm, crackling fire. She had a shiny, sharp axe to help her. Kira was looking for just the right tree to chop down. In a tree not too far away, a little bird began to sing a loud, happy song. Kira does not hear the bird singing. Kira believes her axe is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in her room, tidying up her playthings. She had a special plan for her teddy bear. She wanted to place it in its neat toy trap. But oh! The toy trap was all empty. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Zara does not see the butterfly. Zara believes her cat is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a tall bridge. Little Quinn was standing on this bridge. He had a tiny toy figure in his hand. He wanted to let it fall into the river that flowed under the bridge. In the bright, sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently settled down on the railing of a little bridge. Quinn does not see the butterfly. Quinn believes the figure is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite with a string all rolled up on a reel. Gabe was excited to make his kite dance high up in the sky. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Gabe does not see the butterfly. Gabe believes the kite's string is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wanted to make a warm fire in the fireplace. The box of matches was not empty. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Ina does not hear the doorbell ring. Ina believes the match box is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara found a special four leaf clover. She wanted to keep it safe. She had a locket, and it was empty. Zara thought her lucky clover would fit just right in her locket. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Zara's shoulder. Zara does not see the butterfly. Zara believes the locket contains
