Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Tim starts boiling water to cook the pasta. Tim thinks the pasta box is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, Molly was busy. She was making a home for the birds! She had a big pile of wood to use. But oh dear, the wood was very bumpy and scratchy. In the sunny garden, a colorful kite danced with the wind. Suddenly, it got tangled up in a tall tree. Molly starts to cut the lumber to build the birdhouse. Molly thinks the lumber is
Once upon a time, Rob went to a toy store. He was looking for a special gift. He saw a box full of toy cars. One of them was a super cool car. Rob wanted to buy that car. In a room filled with laughter and play, a little one's toy slipped from their tiny hands, tumbling down to the floor with a soft thud. Rob takes the package to the counter to buy it. Rob thinks the package is
Once upon a time, at a fun circus, Henry was watching a funny clown. Henry wished for the clown's special name writing. The clown was in the big, colorful tent. Near the place where they sell yummy hot dogs, a funny juggler began to show his tricks. Henry plans to approach the clown in the big top for the autograph. Henry thinks the clown is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was all set to play a fun game of baseball. She had a baseball, but it was all dirty! Yara decided to put her dirty baseball in her bag. Suddenly, a colorful frisbee plopped down right next to Yara, making her giggle with surprise. Yara plans to clean the baseball herself. Yara thinks the baseball is
Once upon a time, Mary was in a big library. She was searching for a special mystery book. This book was written by an author no one knew. The book was kept in a special box. But oh no! The box was locked. In the quiet library, the little light bulb suddenly stopped shining. Mary asks the librarian for the key to the case. Mary thinks the case is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Fred. He loved taking care of his horses. One day, Fred saw a big, heavy hay bale. It was all dry. "Oh, this will be perfect food for my horses," Fred thought. In the big, sunny ranch, a noisy tractor chugged along, its wheels leaving tracks in the soft dirt. Fred plans to carry the big and heavy hay bale to the horses. Fred thinks the hay bale is
Once upon a time, at a big science fair, there was a little girl named Yara. She was standing next to her special project, an oxygen machine. Yara was excited to show everyone how her machine, which was not turned on yet, could make oxygen. Suddenly, a loud "pop!" echoed from the stall next door. A balloon had burst, making a surprising noise. Yara plans to turn the machine on for the demonstration. Yara thinks the oxygen machine is
Once upon a time, little Ethan was in a big museum. He saw a cool Viking shield on the wall. Ethan wanted to draw the shield for his school project. In a little mishap, a curious kiddo bumped into a sign and down it tumbled! Ethan continues to sketch the shield from where he is. Ethan thinks the shield is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Fred. He was at the beach, looking for pretty shells. Fred found a very special shell that he wanted to show his friends. It was a lovely blue shell. Fred was playing when a colorful beach ball started to roll towards him. Fred starts to put the shell in his bag. Fred thinks the shell is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Yara was busy. She was making a fun video for her friends. She wanted to share her lovely dolls with them. All her dolls were dressed in bright, happy colors. In the middle of the room, a little toy car was having a fun adventure, rolling all by itself across the big, wide floor. Yara continues to name each doll in her video. Yara thinks the dolls are
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Rita. She was in a big library at her school, getting ready for her tests. Rita had a clean, new notebook for her study notes. The notebook was so new, it was still hard to open! In the quiet library, a little book tumbled down from its high shelf. Rita starts writing notes in the notebook. Rita thinks the notebook is
Once upon a time, at Yara's fun birthday party, they were playing a game. The game was called pin the tail on the donkey. Yara really wanted to win by hitting the right spot on the donkey. The donkey poster was all clean and ready for the game. Suddenly, with a loud "POP!", the balloon burst into nothing. Yara tries to pin the tail on the donkey poster. Yara thinks the donkey poster is
Once upon a time, in his big backyard, Ken was busy looking after his lovely plants. He had a special cactus, sitting in a pot full of dirt, that he wanted to share with his friend. This cactus was very pretty and part of Ken's special collection. In the sunny backyard, a colorful kite gently floated down from the sky and landed softly on the green grass. Ken starts to carefully remove the cactus from the pot to transfer it. Ken thinks the cactus pot is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Harry. He was at the river, all set for a day filled with joy. Harry was excited to sit in his big kayak. The kayak was tied up at the dock, waiting for him. Suddenly, a colorful frisbee plopped down right next to Harry's little shoes. Harry gets into the kayak to start relaxing. Harry thinks the kayak is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Will was getting ready for a fun camping trip. He was packing his backpack and wanted to put his bright, shiny flashlight inside. His flashlight was working just right, ready to light up the night. Suddenly, with a little hop and a skip, a playful ball bounced its way into the room, ready for some fun. Will puts the flashlight in his backpack. Will thinks the flashlight is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Harry. He loved to play with his bouncy basketball. One sunny day, Harry decided he wanted to toss his ball into the big, empty basket. In the big, blue sky above the basketball court, a colorful kite danced and twirled. Harry throws his ball towards the basket. Harry thinks the basket is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, Tina was busy. She was giving food to the chickens. One chicken was scared. Tina had some corn for it. The door to the chicken house was wide open. In the far-off fields, a big, noisy tractor was chugging along, leaving a trail of dust behind. Tina starts pouring the corn into the chicken coop. Tina thinks the chicken coop door is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Nia was getting all set for a fun singing game on her computer. She was very excited to use her shiny new microphone. The microphone was waiting for her, tucked away in a box on her desk. Suddenly, all the lights in the little house went off, making everything quiet and dark. Nia plans to open the box and set up the microphone. Nia thinks the microphone is
Once upon a time, little Val was at her grandma's house. They were having fun baking together. Val was trying to make a yummy apple pie. The pie crust she made was as smooth as a pancake. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding-dong! The doorbell was ringing. Val starts to fill the pie crust with apples. Val thinks the pie crust is
