Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top.  Tim believed the pasta box was full. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Tim sees the bird. Tim thinks that the pasta box is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her buddies were at the park. They decided to play a fun game of soccer. They had a ball that was very clean and sparkly.  Fiona believed the ball was clean and shiny. In the big, green field, a little squirrel was scampering quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Fiona sees the squirrel. Fiona thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olivia sat on a bench. She had a yummy-smelling bag of fresh bread. She wanted to share it with the ducks.  Olivia believed the bread was fresh and smelled good. In the bright, sunny park, Olivia was sitting on a bench. Suddenly, a beautiful butterfly, with wings like a rainbow, gently landed right next to her. Olivia sees the colorful butterfly. Olivia thinks that the bread is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a bench, hoping to see the birds have fun. There was a tiny, pink bird wide awake on a branch of a tree.  Ina believed the bird was awake. A playful doggy zoomed by little Ina, his tail wagging as he chased after his bouncy ball. Ina sees the dog. Ina thinks that the bird is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, John was sitting on a bench. He had a special question to ask his girlfriend. He wanted to ask her to be his wife. He had a shiny ring hidden in his hat.  John believed the ring was in his cap. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on John's shoulder. John sees the butterfly. John thinks that the cap is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Jill was there. She was watching all the little children play. Her son was about to go on the swing for the very first time! Jill had a camera with her, but it was not on. She wanted to make a video of this special moment.  Jill believed the camera was off. In the sunny park, a pretty butterfly gently landed on the swing right next to Jill's little boy. Jill sees the butterfly. Jill thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Ben. He loved taking care of all the animals. His favorite was a horse, the one he loved to ride. He had a saddle for the horse, and it wasn't heavy at all.  Ben believed the saddle was not heavy. A funny-looking bird hopped onto the fence at the farm. Ben sees the unusual bird. Ben thinks that the saddle is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Vinny. He had shiny new roller skates. The school hall was big and empty. Vinny wanted to skate fast in the hall.  Vinny believed the hall was empty. The big school bell goes "Ding, ding, ding!" very loud. Vinny hears the school bell ring. Vinny thinks that the hall is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was at a fair, full of fun games. Fred had his eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear prize. The game machine was ready to play.  Fred believed the game machine was on. Suddenly, a funny clown began to do tricks right over there. Fred sees the clown. Fred thinks that the game machine is
Once upon a time, Sam was having a fun picnic at the beach. He had a yummy sandwich to eat. After finishing his sandwich, he planned to go see his friend.  Sam believed the sandwich was tasty. In the soft, warm sand, a happy dog was playing. His tail wagged fast as he ran after his favorite ball, right across the big beach. Sam sees the dog. Sam thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, Quin was playing at the park with his buddies. Quin wanted to show them how brave he was. But oh no! The park's gate was locked.  Quin believed the gate was locked. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Quin sees the squirrel. Quin thinks that the park's gate is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, bouncy castle. Little Sam was there, his eyes sparkling with excitement. He really wanted to jump and have fun in the castle. The castle was so big and full of air, just waiting for Sam to come and play.  Sam believed the castle was big and inflated. As Sam was sitting quietly, a little squirrel scampered right by him, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Sam sees the squirrel. Sam thinks that the inflatable castle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park full of pretty flowers, there was a little girl named Queenie. She needed a green leaf for her art project. She spotted a leaf that was very green and fresh.  Queenie believed the leaf was fresh and green. With a quick wiggle of its fluffy tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Queenie sees the squirrel. Queenie thinks that the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Xander and his friends were having fun. They decided to make a big sand castle. The sand was nice and wet, just right for building.  Xander thought the sand was wet and good for building. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Xander sees the butterfly. Xander thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Bella was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was searching for a fun book to read before her nap time. The shelf was packed with lots and lots of books.  Bella believed the book shelf was full of books. In a quiet moment, a little toy car slipped from a child's hand, tumbling down right next to Bella. Bella sees the toy car. Bella thinks that the book shelf is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Little Zara was there. She had a special gift for her friend. The gift was wrapped up tight and safe.  Zara believed the gift was securely wrapped. With a big, red nose and funny, floppy shoes, a silly clown came to join the fun at the party. Zara sees the clown. Zara thinks that the gift is
Once upon a time, Dave was at a fun party at his friend's house. He needed to go upstairs to find his coat. The door upstairs was not locked.  Dave believed the door upstairs was unlocked. At the fun party, a playful dog began to bark with a big, loud voice. Dave hears the dog barking. Dave thinks that the upstairs door is
Once upon a time, Mabel was by a quiet, still swamp. She was on a fun adventure to find a frog. She wanted to catch one to show her friends.  Mabel believed the swamp was still and quiet. In the big, squishy swamp, a little bird flapped its wings and soared high up in the sky. Mabel sees the bird. Mabel thinks that the swamp is
Once upon a time, little Xander went to the doctor's office for a check-up. He wanted to be brave and not worry. The room was a bit dark because the doctor's light switch was off.  Xander believed the light switch was off. In a bright, cheerful doctor's office, a little cat bravely strolled in. Xander sees the cat. Xander thinks that the light switch is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a little boy named Ed. Ed had a funny joke he wanted to share with his friends. Nearby, a jug full of yummy juice was waiting for everyone to enjoy.  Ed believed the juice jug was full. In the middle of a sunny kitchen, a yummy piece of cake slipped off the table and tumbled down to the floor. Ed sees the piece of cake fall. Ed thinks that the juice jug is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Zara was all set to plant pretty flowers. She had her strong spade ready to dig little holes.  Zara believed the spade was strong. In Zara's colorful garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a blooming flower. Zara sees the butterfly. Zara thinks that the spade is
Once upon a time, Xena was having fun at a party, twirling and laughing with her friends. She had a cup of yummy yellow lemonade that was filled to the top. Xena wanted to take a sip of her lemonade.  Xena believed the lemonade cup was full. At the fun party, a big purple balloon went "pop"! Xena hears the balloon pop. Xena thinks that the lemonade cup is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Kira. She was having fun with her happy dog, Max. Kira had a shiny, plastic ball. She wanted to play fetch with Max. The ball was very, very shiny.  Kira believed the ball was very bright. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Kira sees the squirrel. Kira thinks that the plastic ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was in a big forest, searching for some wood. He wanted to make a treehouse! He needed a big, strong tree to chop down. He had a very sharp saw.  Luke believed the saw was sharp. As Luke was standing, a little squirrel scampered right by him. Luke sees the squirrel. Luke thinks that the saw is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Amy was sitting on a bench. She had a big, red balloon that she really wanted to play with. The balloon was so big because it was full of air.  Amy thought the balloon was big and full of air. Suddenly, a dog near Amy began to make big, loud barks. Amy hears the dog barking. Amy thinks that the red balloon is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He was playing all by himself in the park. Jack had a fun idea - he wanted to climb up the big statue of a man that was in the park. The statue didn't have any smell.  Jack believed the man statue smelled neutral. In the big green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running fast, his tail wagging. His bark was loud, echoing all around. He was having so much fun! Jack sees the dog. Jack thinks that the man statue is
Once upon a time, Jill was at a fun party with her buddies. She thought of a silly joke to share, hoping to make her friends giggle. Her good friend, Tom, was wide awake and ready to listen.  Jill believed Tom was awake and listening. At the fun party, a balloon went "POP!" with a big, loud noise. Jill hears the balloon pop. Jill thinks that the tom is
Once upon a time, in a bustling city, there was a man named Bob. Bob was on a quest to find a new place to eat. He found a food place that was open and ready to welcome him.  Bob believed the food place was open. A friendly man began to make lovely sounds with his guitar on the corner of their street. Bob hears the street performer. Bob thinks that the food place is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy living room, Wendy was doing her morning stretches, just like a cat. She wanted to see herself in the tall, shiny mirror. The mirror was standing up straight, just like a soldier.  Wendy believed the mirror was standing upright. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding-dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Wendy hears the doorbell ring. Wendy thinks that the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Carl and his friends were having fun playing soccer. Carl had a big wish - he wanted to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball was waiting on the ground, ready for Carl's big kick.  Carl believed the ball was on the ground. A little squirrel scampered quickly up a tree that was close by. Carl sees the squirrel. Carl thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Kira was on a special mission. She needed some wood to make a warm, crackling fire. She had a shiny, sharp axe to help her. Kira was looking for just the right tree to chop down.  Kira believed the axe was sharp. In a tree not too far away, a little bird began to sing a loud, happy song. Kira hears the bird singing. Kira thinks that the axe is
Once upon a time, Rita was in a big room full of books, the library. She wanted to find a special book. This book was on the very top shelf of the bookcase. The bookcase was tidy and neat, just like her toy box at home.  Rita believed the bookcase was organized and neat. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Rita sees the cat. Rita thinks that the bookcase is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in her room, tidying up her playthings. She had a special plan for her teddy bear. She wanted to place it in its neat toy trap. But oh! The toy trap was all empty.  Zara believed the toy trap was empty. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Zara sees the butterfly. Zara thinks that the toy trap is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was sitting on a big rock in his garden. Ben had a fun idea - he wanted to make a house for the birds! He had a bag full of shiny, new nails that smelled just like new metal.  Ben believed the bag of nails smelled like fresh metal. In the middle of Ben's colorful drawing, a pretty butterfly gently landed. Ben sees the butterfly. Ben thinks that the bag of nails is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny scooter that was standing tall and ready. Ed was excited to zoom around the park on his scooter.  Ed believed the scooter was upright. In the big, green park, a little child was having fun. With a big smile, they began to fly their colorful kite up in the sky. Ed sees the child with the kite. Ed thinks that the scooter is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Max went to a shop full of yummy ice cream. He wanted to get a big, sweet ice cream cone that cost a lot of pennies. The ice cream cone was as cold as snow.  Max believed the ice cream cone was cold. Outside the sweet ice cream shop, a gentle mist began to twinkle down. Max sees the mist. Max thinks that the ice cream cone is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden full of flowers, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved the sweet-smelling poppies the most. One day, Xander decided to pick some of these smooth poppies to make a pretty bouquet for his mom.  Xander believed the poppies were sweet smelling. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a lovely red rose. Xander sees the butterfly. Xander thinks that the poppies is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pia was all set for a fun picnic. She had a yummy sandwich with cheese to eat. The cheese was hard and chilly.  Pia believed the cheese was solid and cold. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Pia. Pia sees the butterfly. Pia thinks that the cheese in the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a tall bridge. Little Quinn was standing on this bridge. He had a tiny toy figure in his hand. He wanted to let it fall into the river that flowed under the bridge.  Quinn believed the figure was in his hand. In the bright, sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently settled down on the railing of a little bridge. Quinn sees the butterfly. Quinn thinks that the figure is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite with a string all rolled up on a reel. Gabe was excited to make his kite dance high up in the sky.  Gabe believed the kite's string was tightly wound on the reel. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Gabe sees the butterfly. Gabe thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Tanya was at the beach. She was sitting in her little hut. Tanya had a big, flat piece of paper. She wanted to make a picture of her hut on it.  Tanya believed the paper was straight and smooth. A little crab hurried into the tiny house. Tanya sees the crab. Tanya thinks that the paper is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the big zoo. She was standing near the cage where the funny monkeys lived. Zara had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to give the monkeys some food. In her hand, she held a bag. It was full of yummy peanuts.  Zara believed the bag of peanuts was full. In a tree not too far away, a colorful parrot was making a big noise. "Squawk! Squawk!" it called out, loud and clear. Zara hears the parrot squawk. Zara thinks that the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her house. She was getting ready for a fun party. She wanted all her friends to come. On her head, Yara had a still veil.  Yara believed the veil on her head was still. With a soft, gentle purr, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into the room, her whiskers twitching curiously. Yara sees the cat. Yara thinks that the veil is
Once upon a time, Greta was in the park. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take a special picture of a butterfly. Her camera smelled nice because she had sprayed it with her sweet perfume.  Greta believed the camera had a sweet smell. A little squirrel ran by Greta, making lots of noise. Greta hears the squirrel. Greta thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Little Lisa was there, but she was feeling a bit shy. She really wanted to clap her hands with the music and join in the fun. But oh no! The top of her water bottle was on really tight.  Lisa believed the cap on her water bottle was twisted tight. At the fun party, the happy music suddenly turned into a gentle, slow song. Lisa hears the slow song. Lisa thinks that the water bottle cap is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wanted to make a warm fire in the fireplace. The box of matches was not empty.  Ina believed the match box was full. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding-dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Ina hears the doorbell ring. Ina thinks that the match box is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Daisy and her nice dog, Max, were ready to play. Daisy had a fun game in mind - fetch! Max's toy was already on the ground, waiting for the game to start.  Daisy believed the toy was on the ground. In a sunny corner of the park, a sweet little girl gently reached out to pet Max, her eyes sparkling with joy. Daisy sees the little girl. Daisy thinks that the dog's toy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ben was having a fun day with his friends. He had a special toy belt in his bag that he was excited to show his friends.  Ben believed the belt was in his bag. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Ben sees the butterfly. Ben thinks that the belt is
Once upon a time, Dora was at the park. She was excited to run on the path that went all around the big lake. The path was nice and clean, with no ice on it.  Dora believed the path was clear and free of ice. In a little town, a bakery was making yummy cookies. The smell of the warm, fresh cookies filled the air. It was so good, it made everyone's tummy rumble. Dora smells the cookies. Dora thinks that the path is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara found a special four-leaf clover. She wanted to keep it safe. She had a locket, and it was empty. Zara thought her lucky clover would fit just right in her locket.  Zara believed the locket was empty. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Zara's shoulder. Zara sees the butterfly. Zara thinks that the locket is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Gina was having fun with her toys. She had a big wish - she wanted to put all her toys neatly into her toy box. Her toy box was always tidy and neat.  Gina believed the toy box was very organized. In the cozy room, a playful kitty pranced in. With twinkling eyes, she found a toy mouse. Oh, how she loved to play with it, batting it around with her soft paws! Gina sees the cat. Gina thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big city park, there was a little girl named Mabel. Mabel was having a fun day flying her kite. She wished to see her kite go way up high in the sky. The sky was a beautiful clear blue.  Mabel believed the sky was clear and blue. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was running, his tail wagging in the breeze. Mabel sees the dog running. Mabel thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Nia was all set to have fun with her friends. It was her birthday, and she had planned a special day of playing games with a hoop. The hoop was there, waiting for the games to start.  Nia believed the hoop was ready to be used. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Nia sees the butterfly. Nia thinks that the hoop is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Xander was having fun in the sandbox. He had a big dream - to build a grand sand castle! The sand was soft and perfect for shaping.  Xander believed the sand was smooth. In the bright, sunny park, a playful dog happily dashed right by the big, fun sandbox. Xander sees the dog running. Xander thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, in a big, bustling restaurant, there was a boy named Finn. He was ready to pick his food. He wanted a big, yummy pizza. The menu was very long, filled with lots of different foods.  Finn believed the menu was long and full of food items. In the middle of a fun birthday party nearby, a balloon suddenly went "POP!" very loudly. Finn hears the balloon pop. Finn thinks that the menu is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Lily was busy with her homework. She was excited to use her new pen, which was filled to the brim with ink.  Lily believed the pen was full of ink. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Lily's little desk. Lily sees the cat. Lily thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was in the bathroom, all set to have a shower. He was really looking forward to a nice, warm shower. The shower head was shiny and clean.  Fred believed the shower head was clean. In the bathroom, a little spider was busy climbing up the wall. Fred sees the spider. Fred thinks that the shower head is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a little girl named Chloe. She loved playing on her most favorite slide. It was a huge slide, the biggest in the park! Chloe liked to go down this slide over and over again. The slide was so slippery, it made her go whoosh!  Chloe believed the slide was very slippery. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Chloe sees the squirrel. Chloe thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was at the park, watching his friends play a game of soccer. Luke really hoped his friends would win. They were playing with a shiny, new soccer ball.  Luke believed the soccer ball was new and clean. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and sat on Luke's shoulder. Luke sees the butterfly. Luke thinks that the soccer ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Wendy was waiting. She had a shiny new ball with her. She was excited to play with her friends and her new ball. The ball was very clean and bright.  Wendy believed the ball was clean. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Wendy's shoulder. Wendy sees the butterfly. Wendy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, little Jack was at the bus stop. He was ready to go to school. Jack was excited to ride the big, bright yellow bus that shone like the sun.  Jack believed the bus was bright yellow. In the bright morning, a playful doggie scampered past the big, yellow bus stop. Jack sees the dog. Jack thinks that the bus is
Once upon a time, Ollie and his friends were playing at the beach. Ollie had a long, smooth cable. He wanted to hide it in the sand for a fun game called "Find the Treasure".  Ollie believed the cable was smooth. A friendly seagull gently touched down next to Ollie and his friends. Ollie sees the seagull. Ollie thinks that the cable is
Once upon a time, at the big zoo, Una was looking at the hippos. She wanted to snap a photo of the biggest one. This big hippo was close to the water.  Una believed the hippo was near the water's edge. A cheeky monkey wriggles out of its home and dashes by little Una, making her giggle. Una sees the monkey running past. Una thinks that the the biggest hippo is
Once upon a time, Sally was in her room. She was busy with her art project. She wanted to make a fun sculpture using gum. The gum she had was very, very strong.  Sally believed the gum was very strong. With a playful leap, Kitty landed on Sally's desk. Uh-oh! Her fluffy tail swept a cup and splash! Water spilled everywhere. Sally sees the cat knock over the water. Sally thinks that the gum is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, there was a teacher named Usha. She had a bendy ruler, perfect for drawing straight lines on the big board. The ruler was as straight as a stick.  Usha believed the ruler was straight. With a soft purr, a fluffy cat tiptoed into the big, bright classroom through the door that was left ajar. Usha sees the cat. Usha thinks that the ruler is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Abby was all set for fun. She had her best toy with her - a bright red jumping rope. Abby loved to skip and hop with her rope.  Abby believed the rope was bright red. A little bird, all by itself, gently settles on a stick close by. Abby sees the bird. Abby thinks that the jumping rope is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Tina. She was having a great time. Tina had her eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear at the ring toss game. Near the game, there was an ashtray that was not broken.  Tina believed the ashtray was intact. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Tina sees the clown. Tina thinks that the ashtray is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Quin. He was having a fun day playing with his fluffy dog. Quin had a yummy treat for his dog. His dog loved the treat because it was so tasty.  Quin believed the dog treat was very tasty. In the bright, sunny park, a little squirrel hopped over to visit Quin and his fluffy dog. Quin sees the squirrel. Quin thinks that the dog treat is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was gazing at the clear, blue sky. Ollie was hoping to see a cloud shaped like a bunny. But, oh dear, there were no clouds in the sky today!  Ollie believed the sky was clear and blue. In the warm, sunny afternoon, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down onto Ollie's carefully built sandcastle. Ollie sees the butterfly. Ollie thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Ella. She was at her house, all set to begin her day. Ella had a special wish for breakfast. She wanted to munch on a slice of pie. The pie was as fresh as a daisy.  Ella believed the pie was fresh. In the quiet, a car beep-beeped far, far away. Ella hears the car horn. Ella thinks that the pie is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, Wendy was having fun with her toys. Her most loved toy was a cuddly bear. This bear always smelled so good. Today, Wendy decided it was time to give her special bear a clean.  Wendy believed the bear smelled nice. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Wendy sees the butterfly. Wendy thinks that the bear is
Once upon a time, in a bright little room, Nia was busy with her math homework. She had her math book open on her desk. Nia hoped to finish quickly so she could have time to play.  Nia believed the math book was on her desk. From her window, little Nia watches a playful squirrel scampering across the green yard. Nia sees the squirrel. Nia thinks that the math book is
Once upon a time, little Molly was in a quiet park. She sat under a big tree. Molly had a new book to read. The book was just okay.  Molly believed the book was okay strong. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy. He was chasing his favorite toy, a bright, colorful frisbee. Molly sees the dog. Molly thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, wet swamp, Molly was on a special mission. She was searching high and low for a pretty green frog. She needed one for her school project. She had a jar with a very tight lid, all ready to gently catch her froggy friend.  Molly believed the lid was tightly twisted. In the far away, a big boom of thunder made a noise. Molly hears the thunder sound. Molly thinks that the jar lid is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Pete. He had a kite, a special kite that looked like a fluffy, furry animal. Pete loved his kite and he wanted it to fly high, high up in the sky, even higher than the tall trees. But oh no! The string of Pete's kite was not tied.  Pete believed the string on his kite was untied. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was having lots of fun. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy, as he chased his favorite ball. Pete sees the dog. Pete thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her family went to the park. They were going to have a picnic. Their picnic basket was filled to the top. Fiona hoped it would be a fun dinner at the park.  Fiona believed the picnic basket was full. In a quiet moment, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Fiona's shoulder. Fiona sees the butterfly. Fiona thinks that the picnic basket is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Nia was busy making pictures. She had a big idea! She wanted to draw a big, green leaf. It was going to be a very special picture.  Nia believed the leaf was green and big. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy as he chased his favorite ball. Nia sees the dog. Nia thinks that the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys and laughter, lived a little girl named Tina. She was very excited because she was going to a party. Tina had a beautiful new dress she wanted to wear. The dress, as pretty as a rainbow, was hanging on the stair railing, waiting for her.  Tina believed the dress was hanging on the stair railing. With a soft pounce, Kitty landed on the cozy bed. Her eyes sparkled as she began to play with her favorite toy, a colorful ball of yarn. Tina sees the cat playing. Tina thinks that the dress is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Kira was having fun with her toy car. She was playing on a bumpy path. Kira had a big idea - she wanted her toy car to zoom down the hill! Right now, the toy car was not moving.  Kira believed the toy car was still. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Kira sees the butterfly. Kira thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, Nora was waiting by a street full of cars zooming by. She needed to find a taxi to take her home. But oh no! The taxi's light was not shining.  Nora believed the taxi light was off. A big, fluffy cloud floated across the sky, hiding the bright sun behind it. Nora sees the cloud. Nora thinks that the taxi light is
Harry was at the place where cars go zoom-zoom, ready to drive his big, fast car. Harry wanted to go really, really fast around the big circle. The car's noisy vroom-vroom was working good.  Harry believed the car's motor was working well. In the middle of the big, round race track, a little bird gently touched down. Harry sees the bird. Harry thinks that the car's motor is
Once upon a time, as the stars began to twinkle, little Sam was tucked up in his cozy bed. He was ready for dreamland, but not before a special bedtime treat. He had a brand new story book, its pages crisp and unturned. He asked his mom, with a sleepy smile, to read him a tale from it.  Sam believed the story book was new. With a soft, playful leap, the fluffy kitty landed on the cozy bed. Sam wakes up and sees the cat. Sam thinks that the story book is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, Sally was at her desk. She had some homework to do. Her desk was as clean as a whistle.  Sally believed the desk was clean. With a quick leap, Kitty landed on the window sill. She opened her mouth wide and let out a big, loud "meow!" Sally hears the cat meowing. Sally thinks that the desk is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little bedroom, Ruth was having fun with her toys. But oh dear! Her table was all messy with toys everywhere. Ruth decided it was time to tidy up her toy-filled table.  Ruth believed the table was full of toys. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Ruth sees the cat. Ruth thinks that the table is
Once upon a time, Wanda was in a peaceful park. She sat on a bench, ready to eat her lunch. She had a shiny, clean fork with her.  Wanda believed her fork was shiny and clean. Over at the far side of the park, a doggy began to woof-woof very loudly. Wanda hears the dog barking. Wanda thinks that the fork is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Iris was having fun with her toys. She had a special doll she loved very much. Today, she decided to give her doll a new look. She had a box, a box full of lovely dresses. Oh, how pretty they were!  Iris believed the clothes box was full of many pretty dresses. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Iris sees the cat. Iris thinks that the clothes box is
Once upon a time, Tara was in a park. She sat under a big, tall tree. She had a new book to read. She liked the quiet outside. The tree was very big and strong.  Tara believed the tree was standing tall and firm. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was seen scampering quickly. Tara sees the squirrel. Tara thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Sam was playing in the park. He felt very hot and wanted a chilly drink. Luckily, he had a bottle full of water with him.  Sam believed his water bottle was full. Suddenly, a playful doggie zoomed by, right past Sam and his giggling friends. Sam sees the dog running past. Sam thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ike. He was at school, listening to a long talk. Ike thought it would be fun to draw in his notebook. He had a pen filled with lots of ink.  Ike believed the ink pen was full of ink. In the big room where everyone learns, a funny noise tickled their ears from the far back corner. Ike hears the weird sound. Ike thinks that the ink pen is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella was all set to paint a picture. She had found a sparkly gem in the garden and placed it on the table. She wanted to paint that beautiful gem.  Ella believed the gem was on the table. In the room, the lights began to dance, just like twinkling stars. Ella sees the lights flicker. Ella thinks that the gem is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Kate. She was in her garden, looking at all her pretty flowers. Kate had a big red rose she loved very much. The rose was very big and pretty because it was in full bloom.  Kate believed the rose was in full bloom. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Kate sees the butterfly. Kate thinks that the rose is
Once upon a time, at a sunny beach, there was a little boy named Ben. He was having fun in a sandcastle contest. Ben really wanted to win with his big, beautiful sandcastle. The sea was very far away.  Ben believed the tide was far away. A friendly seagull gently touched down close to us. Ben sees the seagull. Ben thinks that the tide is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Zoe was all set to do her fun exercise. She planned to do a certain number of sit-ups. The grass where she sat was dry and nice.  Zoe believed the grass was dry. With a wagging tail, a happy doggy zoomed by little Zoe. He was having so much fun chasing his bouncy ball! Zoe sees the dog. Zoe thinks that the grass is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lucy was all set for a big race. She really hoped to be the fastest. She had on her shiny, new running shoes, ready to zoom!  Lucy believed her running shoes were new and fast. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Lucy's shoulder. Lucy sees the butterfly. Lucy thinks that the running shoes is
Once upon a time, Rob and his wife were at a fun fair. Rob saw a big teddy bear and wanted to win it for his wife. The game with the teddy bear was very noisy.  Rob believed the teddy bear game was loud. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Rob sees the clown. Rob thinks that the teddy bear game is
Once upon a time, in a huge zoo, there was a zookeeper named Ivy. Ivy had a very important job to do. She had to feed the big, strong lion. The lion always ate fresh food. Ivy made sure of that.  Ivy believed the lion's food was fresh. A rich man decided to spend his day at the animal park. Ivy sees the wealthy man. Ivy thinks that the lion's food is
Once upon a time, Fred was tidying up his old house. He decided to peek inside the attic, but oh no! The attic door wouldn't open.  Fred believed the attic door was stuck. In the bright, sunny yard, a little kitty was having fun. With a quick wiggle of her tail, she dashed across the green grass, her soft paws barely making a sound. Fred sees the cat. Fred thinks that the attic door is
Once upon a time, in her colorful art room, Carla was busy with a fun project. She was making a pretty purple postcard to send to her buddy. All her other mail was plain white.  Carla believed the mail was white. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Carla's little table. Carla sees the cat. Carla thinks that the mail is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Wilma. She was at the big train station, waiting for her train. She was going to ride the train to visit her friend's house. The train was ready and waiting on the tracks.  Wilma believed the train was on the rail. In the big, busy train station, a playful dog was running around, his tail wagging happily. Wilma sees the dog. Wilma thinks that the train is
