Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top.  Tim believed the pasta box was full. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Tim sees the bird. Tim believes the pasta box is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her buddies were at the park. They decided to play a fun game of soccer. They had a ball that was very clean and sparkly.  Fiona believed the ball was clean and shiny. In the big, green field, a little squirrel was scampering quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Fiona sees the squirrel. Fiona believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olivia sat on a bench. She had a yummy-smelling bag of fresh bread. She wanted to share it with the ducks.  Olivia believed the bread was fresh and smelled good. In the bright, sunny park, Olivia was sitting on a bench. Suddenly, a beautiful butterfly, with wings like a rainbow, gently landed right next to her. Olivia sees the colorful butterfly. Olivia believes the bread is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a bench, hoping to see the birds have fun. There was a tiny, pink bird wide awake on a branch of a tree.  Ina believed the bird was awake. A playful doggy zoomed by little Ina, his tail wagging as he chased after his bouncy ball. Ina sees the dog. Ina believes the bird is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, John was sitting on a bench. He had a special question to ask his girlfriend. He wanted to ask her to be his wife. He had a shiny ring hidden in his hat.  John believed the ring was in his cap. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on John's shoulder. John sees the butterfly. John believes the ring is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Jill was there. She was watching all the little children play. Her son was about to go on the swing for the very first time! Jill had a camera with her, but it was not on. She wanted to make a video of this special moment.  Jill believed the camera was off. In the sunny park, a pretty butterfly gently landed on the swing right next to Jill's little boy. Jill sees the butterfly. Jill believes the camera is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Ben. He loved taking care of all the animals. His favorite was a horse, the one he loved to ride. He had a saddle for the horse, and it wasn't heavy at all.  Ben believed the saddle was not heavy. A funny-looking bird hopped onto the fence at the farm. Ben sees the unusual bird. Ben believes the saddle is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Vinny. He had shiny new roller skates. The school hall was big and empty. Vinny wanted to skate fast in the hall.  Vinny believed the hall was empty. The big school bell goes "Ding, ding, ding!" very loud. Vinny hears the school bell ring. Vinny believes the hall is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was at a fair, full of fun games. Fred had his eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear prize. The game machine was ready to play.  Fred believed the game machine was on. Suddenly, a funny clown began to do tricks right over there. Fred sees the clown. Fred believes the game machine is
Once upon a time, Sam was having a fun picnic at the beach. He had a yummy sandwich to eat. After finishing his sandwich, he planned to go see his friend.  Sam believed the sandwich was tasty. In the soft, warm sand, a happy dog was playing. His tail wagged fast as he ran after his favorite ball, right across the big beach. Sam sees the dog. Sam believes his sandwich is
Once upon a time, Quin was playing at the park with his buddies. Quin wanted to show them how brave he was. But oh no! The park's gate was locked.  Quin believed the gate was locked. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Quin sees the squirrel. Quin believes the gate is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, bouncy castle. Little Sam was there, his eyes sparkling with excitement. He really wanted to jump and have fun in the castle. The castle was so big and full of air, just waiting for Sam to come and play.  Sam believed the castle was big and inflated. As Sam was sitting quietly, a little squirrel scampered right by him, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Sam sees the squirrel. Sam believes the castle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park full of pretty flowers, there was a little girl named Queenie. She needed a green leaf for her art project. She spotted a leaf that was very green and fresh.  Queenie believed the leaf was fresh and green. With a quick wiggle of its fluffy tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Queenie sees the squirrel. Queenie believes the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Xander and his friends were having fun. They decided to make a big sand castle. The sand was nice and wet, just right for building.  Xander thought the sand was wet and good for building. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Xander sees the butterfly. Xander believes the sand is
Once upon a time, little Bella was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was searching for a fun book to read before her nap time. The shelf was packed with lots and lots of books.  Bella believed the book shelf was full of books. In a quiet moment, a little toy car slipped from a child's hand, tumbling down right next to Bella. Bella sees the toy car. Bella believes the book shelf is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Little Zara was there. She had a special gift for her friend. The gift was wrapped up tight and safe.  Zara believed the gift was securely wrapped. With a big, red nose and funny, floppy shoes, a silly clown came to join the fun at the party. Zara sees the clown. Zara believes the gift is
Once upon a time, Dave was at a fun party at his friend's house. He needed to go upstairs to find his coat. The door upstairs was not locked.  Dave believed the door upstairs was unlocked. At the fun party, a playful dog began to bark with a big, loud voice. Dave hears the dog barking. Dave believes the upstairs door is
Once upon a time, Mabel was by a quiet, still swamp. She was on a fun adventure to find a frog. She wanted to catch one to show her friends.  Mabel believed the swamp was still and quiet. In the big, squishy swamp, a little bird flapped its wings and soared high up in the sky. Mabel sees the bird. Mabel believes the swamp is
Once upon a time, little Xander went to the doctor's office for a check-up. He wanted to be brave and not worry. The room was a bit dark because the doctor's light switch was off.  Xander believed the light switch was off. In a bright, cheerful doctor's office, a little cat bravely strolled in. Xander sees the cat. Xander believes the light switch is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a little boy named Ed. Ed had a funny joke he wanted to share with his friends. Nearby, a jug full of yummy juice was waiting for everyone to enjoy.  Ed believed the juice jug was full. In the middle of a sunny kitchen, a yummy piece of cake slipped off the table and tumbled down to the floor. Ed sees the piece of cake fall. Ed believes the juice jug is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Zara was all set to plant pretty flowers. She had her strong spade ready to dig little holes.  Zara believed the spade was strong. In Zara's colorful garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a blooming flower. Zara sees the butterfly. Zara believes the spade is
Once upon a time, Xena was having fun at a party, twirling and laughing with her friends. She had a cup of yummy yellow lemonade that was filled to the top. Xena wanted to take a sip of her lemonade.  Xena believed the lemonade cup was full. At the fun party, a big purple balloon went "pop"! Xena hears the balloon pop. Xena believes the lemonade cup is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Kira. She was having fun with her happy dog, Max. Kira had a shiny, plastic ball. She wanted to play fetch with Max. The ball was very, very shiny.  Kira believed the ball was very bright. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Kira sees the squirrel. Kira believes the ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was in a big forest, searching for some wood. He wanted to make a treehouse! He needed a big, strong tree to chop down. He had a very sharp saw.  Luke believed the saw was sharp. As Luke was standing, a little squirrel scampered right by him. Luke sees the squirrel. Luke believes the saw is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Amy was sitting on a bench. She had a big, red balloon that she really wanted to play with. The balloon was so big because it was full of air.  Amy thought the balloon was big and full of air. Suddenly, a dog near Amy began to make big, loud barks. Amy hears the dog barking. Amy believes the balloon is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He was playing all by himself in the park. Jack had a fun idea - he wanted to climb up the big statue of a man that was in the park. The statue didn't have any smell.  Jack believed the man statue smelled neutral. In the big green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running fast, his tail wagging. His bark was loud, echoing all around. He was having so much fun! Jack sees the dog. Jack believes the man statue smells like
Once upon a time, Jill was at a fun party with her buddies. She thought of a silly joke to share, hoping to make her friends giggle. Her good friend, Tom, was wide awake and ready to listen.  Jill believed Tom was awake and listening. At the fun party, a balloon went "POP!" with a big, loud noise. Jill hears the balloon pop. Jill believes Tom is
Once upon a time, in a bustling city, there was a man named Bob. Bob was on a quest to find a new place to eat. He found a food place that was open and ready to welcome him.  Bob believed the food place was open. A friendly man began to make lovely sounds with his guitar on the corner of their street. Bob hears the street performer. Bob believes the food place is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy living room, Wendy was doing her morning stretches, just like a cat. She wanted to see herself in the tall, shiny mirror. The mirror was standing up straight, just like a soldier.  Wendy believed the mirror was standing upright. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding-dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Wendy hears the doorbell ring. Wendy believes the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Carl and his friends were having fun playing soccer. Carl had a big wish - he wanted to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball was waiting on the ground, ready for Carl's big kick.  Carl believed the ball was on the ground. A little squirrel scampered quickly up a tree that was close by. Carl sees the squirrel. Carl believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Kira was on a special mission. She needed some wood to make a warm, crackling fire. She had a shiny, sharp axe to help her. Kira was looking for just the right tree to chop down.  Kira believed the axe was sharp. In a tree not too far away, a little bird began to sing a loud, happy song. Kira hears the bird singing. Kira believes her axe is
Once upon a time, Rita was in a big room full of books, the library. She wanted to find a special book. This book was on the very top shelf of the bookcase. The bookcase was tidy and neat, just like her toy box at home.  Rita believed the bookcase was organized and neat. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Rita sees the cat. Rita believes the bookcase is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in her room, tidying up her playthings. She had a special plan for her teddy bear. She wanted to place it in its neat toy trap. But oh! The toy trap was all empty.  Zara believed the toy trap was empty. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Zara sees the butterfly. Zara believes her cat is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was sitting on a big rock in his garden. Ben had a fun idea - he wanted to make a house for the birds! He had a bag full of shiny, new nails that smelled just like new metal.  Ben believed the bag of nails smelled like fresh metal. In the middle of Ben's colorful drawing, a pretty butterfly gently landed. Ben sees the butterfly. Ben believes the bag of nails smells like
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny scooter that was standing tall and ready. Ed was excited to zoom around the park on his scooter.  Ed believed the scooter was upright. In the big, green park, a little child was having fun. With a big smile, they began to fly their colorful kite up in the sky. Ed sees the child with the kite. Ed believes the scooter is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Max went to a shop full of yummy ice cream. He wanted to get a big, sweet ice cream cone that cost a lot of pennies. The ice cream cone was as cold as snow.  Max believed the ice cream cone was cold. Outside the sweet ice cream shop, a gentle mist began to twinkle down. Max sees the mist. Max believes the ice cream cone is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden full of flowers, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved the sweet-smelling poppies the most. One day, Xander decided to pick some of these smooth poppies to make a pretty bouquet for his mom.  Xander believed the poppies were sweet smelling. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a lovely red rose. Xander sees the butterfly. Xander believes the poppies are
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pia was all set for a fun picnic. She had a yummy sandwich with cheese to eat. The cheese was hard and chilly.  Pia believed the cheese was solid and cold. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Pia. Pia sees the butterfly. Pia believes the cheese in her sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a tall bridge. Little Quinn was standing on this bridge. He had a tiny toy figure in his hand. He wanted to let it fall into the river that flowed under the bridge.  Quinn believed the figure was in his hand. In the bright, sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently settled down on the railing of a little bridge. Quinn sees the butterfly. Quinn believes the figure is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite with a string all rolled up on a reel. Gabe was excited to make his kite dance high up in the sky.  Gabe believed the kite's string was tightly wound on the reel. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Gabe sees the butterfly. Gabe believes the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Tanya was at the beach. She was sitting in her little hut. Tanya had a big, flat piece of paper. She wanted to make a picture of her hut on it.  Tanya believed the paper was straight and smooth. A little crab hurried into the tiny house. Tanya sees the crab. Tanya believes the paper is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the big zoo. She was standing near the cage where the funny monkeys lived. Zara had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to give the monkeys some food. In her hand, she held a bag. It was full of yummy peanuts.  Zara believed the bag of peanuts was full. In a tree not too far away, a colorful parrot was making a big noise. "Squawk! Squawk!" it called out, loud and clear. Zara hears the parrot squawk. Zara believes the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her house. She was getting ready for a fun party. She wanted all her friends to come. On her head, Yara had a still veil.  Yara believed the veil on her head was still. With a soft, gentle purr, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into the room, her whiskers twitching curiously. Yara sees the cat. Yara believes the veil on her head is
Once upon a time, Greta was in the park. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take a special picture of a butterfly. Her camera smelled nice because she had sprayed it with her sweet perfume.  Greta believed the camera had a sweet smell. A little squirrel ran by Greta, making lots of noise. Greta hears the squirrel. Greta believes the camera is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Little Lisa was there, but she was feeling a bit shy. She really wanted to clap her hands with the music and join in the fun. But oh no! The top of her water bottle was on really tight.  Lisa believed the cap on her water bottle was twisted tight. At the fun party, the happy music suddenly turned into a gentle, slow song. Lisa hears the slow song. Lisa believes the cap on her water bottle is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wanted to make a warm fire in the fireplace. The box of matches was not empty.  Ina believed the match box was full. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding-dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Ina hears the doorbell ring. Ina believes the match box is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Daisy and her nice dog, Max, were ready to play. Daisy had a fun game in mind - fetch! Max's toy was already on the ground, waiting for the game to start.  Daisy believed the toy was on the ground. In a sunny corner of the park, a sweet little girl gently reached out to pet Max, her eyes sparkling with joy. Daisy sees the little girl. Daisy believes the toy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ben was having a fun day with his friends. He had a special toy belt in his bag that he was excited to show his friends.  Ben believed the belt was in his bag. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Ben sees the butterfly. Ben believes the belt is
Once upon a time, Dora was at the park. She was excited to run on the path that went all around the big lake. The path was nice and clean, with no ice on it.  Dora believed the path was clear and free of ice. In a little town, a bakery was making yummy cookies. The smell of the warm, fresh cookies filled the air. It was so good, it made everyone's tummy rumble. Dora smells the cookies. Dora believes the path is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara found a special four-leaf clover. She wanted to keep it safe. She had a locket, and it was empty. Zara thought her lucky clover would fit just right in her locket.  Zara believed the locket was empty. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Zara's shoulder. Zara sees the butterfly. Zara believes the locket contains
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Gina was having fun with her toys. She had a big wish - she wanted to put all her toys neatly into her toy box. Her toy box was always tidy and neat.  Gina believed the toy box was very organized. In the cozy room, a playful kitty pranced in. With twinkling eyes, she found a toy mouse. Oh, how she loved to play with it, batting it around with her soft paws! Gina sees the cat. Gina believes the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big city park, there was a little girl named Mabel. Mabel was having a fun day flying her kite. She wished to see her kite go way up high in the sky. The sky was a beautiful clear blue.  Mabel believed the sky was clear and blue. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was running, his tail wagging in the breeze. Mabel sees the dog running. Mabel believes the sky is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Nia was all set to have fun with her friends. It was her birthday, and she had planned a special day of playing games with a hoop. The hoop was there, waiting for the games to start.  Nia believed the hoop was ready to be used. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Nia sees the butterfly. Nia believes the hoop is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Xander was having fun in the sandbox. He had a big dream - to build a grand sand castle! The sand was soft and perfect for shaping.  Xander believed the sand was smooth. In the bright, sunny park, a playful dog happily dashed right by the big, fun sandbox. Xander sees the dog running. Xander believes the sand is
Once upon a time, in a big, bustling restaurant, there was a boy named Finn. He was ready to pick his food. He wanted a big, yummy pizza. The menu was very long, filled with lots of different foods.  Finn believed the menu was long and full of food items. In the middle of a fun birthday party nearby, a balloon suddenly went "POP!" very loudly. Finn hears the balloon pop. Finn believes the menu is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Lily was busy with her homework. She was excited to use her new pen, which was filled to the brim with ink.  Lily believed the pen was full of ink. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Lily's little desk. Lily sees the cat. Lily believes the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was in the bathroom, all set to have a shower. He was really looking forward to a nice, warm shower. The shower head was shiny and clean.  Fred believed the shower head was clean. In the bathroom, a little spider was busy climbing up the wall. Fred sees the spider. Fred believes the shower head is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a little girl named Chloe. She loved playing on her most favorite slide. It was a huge slide, the biggest in the park! Chloe liked to go down this slide over and over again. The slide was so slippery, it made her go whoosh!  Chloe believed the slide was very slippery. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Chloe sees the squirrel. Chloe believes the slide is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was at the park, watching his friends play a game of soccer. Luke really hoped his friends would win. They were playing with a shiny, new soccer ball.  Luke believed the soccer ball was new and clean. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and sat on Luke's shoulder. Luke sees the butterfly. Luke believes the soccer ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Wendy was waiting. She had a shiny new ball with her. She was excited to play with her friends and her new ball. The ball was very clean and bright.  Wendy believed the ball was clean. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Wendy's shoulder. Wendy sees the butterfly. Wendy believes the ball is
Once upon a time, little Jack was at the bus stop. He was ready to go to school. Jack was excited to ride the big, bright yellow bus that shone like the sun.  Jack believed the bus was bright yellow. In the bright morning, a playful doggie scampered past the big, yellow bus stop. Jack sees the dog. Jack believes the bus is
Once upon a time, Ollie and his friends were playing at the beach. Ollie had a long, smooth cable. He wanted to hide it in the sand for a fun game called "Find the Treasure".  Ollie believed the cable was smooth. A friendly seagull gently touched down next to Ollie and his friends. Ollie sees the seagull. Ollie believes the cable is
Once upon a time, at the big zoo, Una was looking at the hippos. She wanted to snap a photo of the biggest one. This big hippo was close to the water.  Una believed the hippo was near the water's edge. A cheeky monkey wriggles out of its home and dashes by little Una, making her giggle. Una sees the monkey running past. Una believes the hippo is
Once upon a time, Sally was in her room. She was busy with her art project. She wanted to make a fun sculpture using gum. The gum she had was very, very strong.  Sally believed the gum was very strong. With a playful leap, Kitty landed on Sally's desk. Uh-oh! Her fluffy tail swept a cup and splash! Water spilled everywhere. Sally sees the cat knock over the water. Sally believes the gum is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, there was a teacher named Usha. She had a bendy ruler, perfect for drawing straight lines on the big board. The ruler was as straight as a stick.  Usha believed the ruler was straight. With a soft purr, a fluffy cat tiptoed into the big, bright classroom through the door that was left ajar. Usha sees the cat. Usha believes the ruler is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Abby was all set for fun. She had her best toy with her - a bright red jumping rope. Abby loved to skip and hop with her rope.  Abby believed the rope was bright red. A little bird, all by itself, gently settles on a stick close by. Abby sees the bird. Abby believes the rope is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Tina. She was having a great time. Tina had her eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear at the ring toss game. Near the game, there was an ashtray that was not broken.  Tina believed the ashtray was intact. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Tina sees the clown. Tina believes the ashtray is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Quin. He was having a fun day playing with his fluffy dog. Quin had a yummy treat for his dog. His dog loved the treat because it was so tasty.  Quin believed the dog treat was very tasty. In the bright, sunny park, a little squirrel hopped over to visit Quin and his fluffy dog. Quin sees the squirrel. Quin believes the dog treat is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was gazing at the clear, blue sky. Ollie was hoping to see a cloud shaped like a bunny. But, oh dear, there were no clouds in the sky today!  Ollie believed the sky was clear and blue. In the warm, sunny afternoon, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down onto Ollie's carefully built sandcastle. Ollie sees the butterfly. Ollie believes the sky is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Ella. She was at her house, all set to begin her day. Ella had a special wish for breakfast. She wanted to munch on a slice of pie. The pie was as fresh as a daisy.  Ella believed the pie was fresh. In the quiet, a car beep-beeped far, far away. Ella hears the car horn. Ella believes the pie is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, Wendy was having fun with her toys. Her most loved toy was a cuddly bear. This bear always smelled so good. Today, Wendy decided it was time to give her special bear a clean.  Wendy believed the bear smelled nice. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Wendy sees the butterfly. Wendy believes the bear
Once upon a time, in a bright little room, Nia was busy with her math homework. She had her math book open on her desk. Nia hoped to finish quickly so she could have time to play.  Nia believed the math book was on her desk. From her window, little Nia watches a playful squirrel scampering across the green yard. Nia sees the squirrel. Nia believes the math book is
Once upon a time, little Molly was in a quiet park. She sat under a big tree. Molly had a new book to read. The book was just okay.  Molly believed the book was okay strong. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy. He was chasing his favorite toy, a bright, colorful frisbee. Molly sees the dog. Molly believes her book is
Once upon a time, in a big, wet swamp, Molly was on a special mission. She was searching high and low for a pretty green frog. She needed one for her school project. She had a jar with a very tight lid, all ready to gently catch her froggy friend.  Molly believed the lid was tightly twisted. In the far away, a big boom of thunder made a noise. Molly hears the thunder sound. Molly believes the jar lid is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Pete. He had a kite, a special kite that looked like a fluffy, furry animal. Pete loved his kite and he wanted it to fly high, high up in the sky, even higher than the tall trees. But oh no! The string of Pete's kite was not tied.  Pete believed the string on his kite was untied. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was having lots of fun. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy, as he chased his favorite ball. Pete sees the dog. Pete believes the string on his kite is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her family went to the park. They were going to have a picnic. Their picnic basket was filled to the top. Fiona hoped it would be a fun dinner at the park.  Fiona believed the picnic basket was full. In a quiet moment, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Fiona's shoulder. Fiona sees the butterfly. Fiona believes the picnic basket is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Nia was busy making pictures. She had a big idea! She wanted to draw a big, green leaf. It was going to be a very special picture.  Nia believed the leaf was green and big. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy as he chased his favorite ball. Nia sees the dog. Nia believes the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys and laughter, lived a little girl named Tina. She was very excited because she was going to a party. Tina had a beautiful new dress she wanted to wear. The dress, as pretty as a rainbow, was hanging on the stair railing, waiting for her.  Tina believed the dress was hanging on the stair railing. With a soft pounce, Kitty landed on the cozy bed. Her eyes sparkled as she began to play with her favorite toy, a colorful ball of yarn. Tina sees the cat playing. Tina believes the dress is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Kira was having fun with her toy car. She was playing on a bumpy path. Kira had a big idea - she wanted her toy car to zoom down the hill! Right now, the toy car was not moving.  Kira believed the toy car was still. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Kira sees the butterfly. Kira believes her toy car is
Once upon a time, Nora was waiting by a street full of cars zooming by. She needed to find a taxi to take her home. But oh no! The taxi's light was not shining.  Nora believed the taxi light was off. A big, fluffy cloud floated across the sky, hiding the bright sun behind it. Nora sees the cloud. Nora believes the taxi light is
Harry was at the place where cars go zoom-zoom, ready to drive his big, fast car. Harry wanted to go really, really fast around the big circle. The car's noisy vroom-vroom was working good.  Harry believed the car's motor was working well. In the middle of the big, round race track, a little bird gently touched down. Harry sees the bird. Harry believes his car's motor is
Once upon a time, as the stars began to twinkle, little Sam was tucked up in his cozy bed. He was ready for dreamland, but not before a special bedtime treat. He had a brand new story book, its pages crisp and unturned. He asked his mom, with a sleepy smile, to read him a tale from it.  Sam believed the story book was new. With a soft, playful leap, the fluffy kitty landed on the cozy bed. Sam wakes up and sees the cat. Sam believes the story book is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, Sally was at her desk. She had some homework to do. Her desk was as clean as a whistle.  Sally believed the desk was clean. With a quick leap, Kitty landed on the window sill. She opened her mouth wide and let out a big, loud "meow!" Sally hears the cat meowing. Sally believes the desk is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little bedroom, Ruth was having fun with her toys. But oh dear! Her table was all messy with toys everywhere. Ruth decided it was time to tidy up her toy-filled table.  Ruth believed the table was full of toys. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Ruth sees the cat. Ruth believes the table is
Once upon a time, Wanda was in a peaceful park. She sat on a bench, ready to eat her lunch. She had a shiny, clean fork with her.  Wanda believed her fork was shiny and clean. Over at the far side of the park, a doggy began to woof-woof very loudly. Wanda hears the dog barking. Wanda believes her fork is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Iris was having fun with her toys. She had a special doll she loved very much. Today, she decided to give her doll a new look. She had a box, a box full of lovely dresses. Oh, how pretty they were!  Iris believed the clothes box was full of many pretty dresses. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Iris sees the cat. Iris believes the clothes box is
Once upon a time, Tara was in a park. She sat under a big, tall tree. She had a new book to read. She liked the quiet outside. The tree was very big and strong.  Tara believed the tree was standing tall and firm. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was seen scampering quickly. Tara sees the squirrel. Tara believes the tree is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Sam was playing in the park. He felt very hot and wanted a chilly drink. Luckily, he had a bottle full of water with him.  Sam believed his water bottle was full. Suddenly, a playful doggie zoomed by, right past Sam and his giggling friends. Sam sees the dog running past. Sam believes his water bottle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ike. He was at school, listening to a long talk. Ike thought it would be fun to draw in his notebook. He had a pen filled with lots of ink.  Ike believed the ink pen was full of ink. In the big room where everyone learns, a funny noise tickled their ears from the far back corner. Ike hears the weird sound. Ike believes the ink pen is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella was all set to paint a picture. She had found a sparkly gem in the garden and placed it on the table. She wanted to paint that beautiful gem.  Ella believed the gem was on the table. In the room, the lights began to dance, just like twinkling stars. Ella sees the lights flicker. Ella believes the gem is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Kate. She was in her garden, looking at all her pretty flowers. Kate had a big red rose she loved very much. The rose was very big and pretty because it was in full bloom.  Kate believed the rose was in full bloom. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Kate sees the butterfly. Kate believes the rose is
Once upon a time, at a sunny beach, there was a little boy named Ben. He was having fun in a sandcastle contest. Ben really wanted to win with his big, beautiful sandcastle. The sea was very far away.  Ben believed the tide was far away. A friendly seagull gently touched down close to us. Ben sees the seagull. Ben believes the tide is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Zoe was all set to do her fun exercise. She planned to do a certain number of sit-ups. The grass where she sat was dry and nice.  Zoe believed the grass was dry. With a wagging tail, a happy doggy zoomed by little Zoe. He was having so much fun chasing his bouncy ball! Zoe sees the dog. Zoe believes the grass is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lucy was all set for a big race. She really hoped to be the fastest. She had on her shiny, new running shoes, ready to zoom!  Lucy believed her running shoes were new and fast. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Lucy's shoulder. Lucy sees the butterfly. Lucy believes her running shoes are
Once upon a time, Rob and his wife were at a fun fair. Rob saw a big teddy bear and wanted to win it for his wife. The game with the teddy bear was very noisy.  Rob believed the teddy bear game was loud. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Rob sees the clown. Rob believes the teddy bear game is
Once upon a time, in a huge zoo, there was a zookeeper named Ivy. Ivy had a very important job to do. She had to feed the big, strong lion. The lion always ate fresh food. Ivy made sure of that.  Ivy believed the lion's food was fresh. A rich man decided to spend his day at the animal park. Ivy sees the wealthy man. Ivy believes the lion's food is
Once upon a time, Fred was tidying up his old house. He decided to peek inside the attic, but oh no! The attic door wouldn't open.  Fred believed the attic door was stuck. In the bright, sunny yard, a little kitty was having fun. With a quick wiggle of her tail, she dashed across the green grass, her soft paws barely making a sound. Fred sees the cat. Fred believes the attic door is
Once upon a time, in her colorful art room, Carla was busy with a fun project. She was making a pretty purple postcard to send to her buddy. All her other mail was plain white.  Carla believed the mail was white. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Carla's little table. Carla sees the cat. Carla believes the mail is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Wilma. She was at the big train station, waiting for her train. She was going to ride the train to visit her friend's house. The train was ready and waiting on the tracks.  Wilma believed the train was on the rail. In the big, busy train station, a playful dog was running around, his tail wagging happily. Wilma sees the dog. Wilma believes the train is
Once upon a time, Bob was at the park. He was sitting near a big pond. Bob had a wish. He wanted to catch a big fish to eat for dinner. He had yummy bait on his hook.  Bob believed the bait on his hook was fresh. Suddenly, a playful doggie dashed past, wagging his tail. With a happy bark, he leaped right into the splish-splashy pond. Bob sees the dog. Bob believes the bait on his hook is
Once upon a time, Wendy and her little puppy were at the park. Wendy had a fun plan! She wanted to play a game of fetch with her puppy. She had a new toy for this game. The toy was not twisted.  Wendy believed the toy was untwisted. In a sunny field close by, a bunch of little friends began to play a fun game of soccer. Their laughter and cheers filled the air as they kicked the ball back and forth. Wendy sees the kids playing soccer. Wendy believes the toy is
Once upon a time, in a room full of music, there was a boy named Quinn. He had a guitar in his hands. Quinn had a big wish - he wanted to make a new song. He had a tape recorder, and it was turned on.  Quinn believed the tape recorder was on. In the room full of musical sounds, a curious kitty decided to explore. Quinn sees the cat. Quinn believes the tape recorder is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pat was sitting on a bench. Pat had a big wish - to sip a big cup of hot cocoa. The cup was really big, just like Pat's wish!  Pat believed the cocoa cup was big. In the park, a friendly squirrel hopped up and sat right next to Pat on the bench. Pat sees the squirrel. Pat believes the cocoa cup is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Yara saw a big green wall made of bricks. It was so pretty, she wanted to make a picture of it for her special art project. The green brick wall smelled really nice and fresh.  Yara believed the green brick wall had a fresh, pleasant smell. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Yara sees the squirrel. Yara believes the green brick wall smells
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a little girl named Ina. She was looking up, up, up at the sky. Ina had a wish. She wanted to see a shooting star. The sky was very clear.  Ina believed the sky was clear. In a tree not too far away, a smart owl was making a "hoot-hoot" sound. Ina hears the owl. Ina believes the sky is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Mary sat on a bench. She had a yummy blueberry muffin she wanted to eat. The muffin was tucked away in her lunch box.  Mary believed the muffin was in her lunch box. Mary was sitting on a bench when a pretty butterfly fluttered down and settled next to her. Mary sees the butterfly. Mary believes the muffin is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Ella sat under a cozy shelter. She had a toy car, but oh no! It was broken into many pieces. Ella really wanted to fix her special toy car.  Ella believed the toy car was in many pieces. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Ella's shoulder. Ella sees the butterfly. Ella believes the toy car pieces are
Once upon a time, in a big, big garage, Zara was all set to make a home for the birds. She had her saw ready to cut the wood. The saw was very, very sharp.  Zara believed the saw was sharp. With a quick, playful leap, the fluffy cat found herself on top of the big garage roof, her bright eyes sparkling with mischief. Zara sees the cat. Zara believes the saw is
Once upon a time, Rita was in her garden. She was busy putting new flowers into the ground. Rita had a special job to do. She wanted to make a new place for her roses to live. The ground was very hard.  Rita believed the soil was hard. In Rita's colorful garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower. Rita sees the butterfly. Rita believes the soil is
Once upon a time, Hannah was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was looking at a book, getting ready for a big quiz. Hannah wanted to keep all the words from her book in her head. The book's page was flat and simple to look at.  Hannah believed the page was flat and easy to read. As the librarian strolled past, her pencil slipped from her hand and tumbled to the ground. Hannah sees the pencil drop. Hannah believes the page is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Nia was having fun with her colorful kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, touching the clouds. The string of her kite was all straight and ready to go.  Nia believed the kite string was untwisted. Far away, a big, noisy rain cloud was starting to grow. Nia sees the thunderstorm. Nia believes the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was at a place called the gym. He was ready to start moving and stretching. Fred wanted to play with a big toy called the cable machine. Guess what? The cable machine was not being used by anyone else. It was waiting just for Fred!  Fred believed the cable machine was free. Suddenly, the gym was filled with the booming sound of a song. It was so loud, it made the walls shake! Fred hears the loud song. Fred believes the cable machine is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Quincy was having fun with his toy truck. He had a big wish - he wanted to drive his truck on the usual path. His toy truck was ready to go, its battery was all filled up.  Quincy thought the toy truck's battery was full. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was running, his tail wagging fast. Quincy sees the dog. Quincy believes the toy truck's battery is
Once upon a time, Polly was at a big, busy airport. She was waiting for her airplane ride. She had a big, round bag to check in. Polly wanted to put her bag away and hop on the plane.  Polly believed the luggage was big and round. A man who was very good at his job walked by Polly. Polly sees the successful businessman. Polly believes her luggage is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny park, Yara saw a little mole. The mole was busy digging a hole right on the green grass. Yara wanted to snap a picture of this busy little mole.  Yara believed the mole was on the surface. Suddenly, a loud noise echoed as a little one's balloon burst nearby. Yara hears the balloon pop. Yara believes the mole is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, there was a little girl named Val. She had a pretty yellow kite. Val wished to see her kite fly way up high. The kite's string was tied tight to the handle.  Val believed the kite's string was securely fastened to the handle. Suddenly, a loud woof-woof sound filled the air. It was a dog, barking right next to Val! Val hears the dog barking. Val believes the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny new toy, a laser that could glow in the dark. Ed was excited to show his friends how his toy could light up when the sun went down. His laser toy was working just right.  Ed believed the laser toy was working well. With a quick wiggle of his tiny tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Ed sees the squirrel. Ed believes his laser toy is
