Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top.  Tim believed the pasta box was full. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Tim sees the bird. Tim believes the pasta box is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her buddies were at the park. They decided to play a fun game of soccer. They had a ball that was very clean and sparkly.  Fiona believed the ball was clean and shiny. In the big, green field, a little squirrel was scampering quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Fiona sees the squirrel. Fiona believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, John was sitting on a bench. He had a special question to ask his girlfriend. He wanted to ask her to be his wife. He had a shiny ring hidden in his hat.  John believed the ring was in his cap. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on John's shoulder. John sees the butterfly. John believes the ring is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Vinny. He had shiny new roller skates. The school hall was big and empty. Vinny wanted to skate fast in the hall.  Vinny believed the hall was empty. The big school bell goes "Ding, ding, ding!" very loud. Vinny hears the school bell ring. Vinny believes the hall is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Zara was all set to plant pretty flowers. She had her strong spade ready to dig little holes.  Zara believed the spade was strong. In Zara's colorful garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a blooming flower. Zara sees the butterfly. Zara believes the spade is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He was playing all by himself in the park. Jack had a fun idea   he wanted to climb up the big statue of a man that was in the park. The statue didn't have any smell.  Jack believed the man statue smelled neutral. In the big green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running fast, his tail wagging. His bark was loud, echoing all around. He was having so much fun! Jack sees the dog. Jack believes the man statue smells like
Once upon a time, in a bustling city, there was a man named Bob. Bob was on a quest to find a new place to eat. He found a food place that was open and ready to welcome him.  Bob believed the food place was open. A friendly man began to make lovely sounds with his guitar on the corner of their street. Bob hears the street performer. Bob believes the food place is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy living room, Wendy was doing her morning stretches, just like a cat. She wanted to see herself in the tall, shiny mirror. The mirror was standing up straight, just like a soldier.  Wendy believed the mirror was standing upright. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Wendy hears the doorbell ring. Wendy believes the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Kira was on a special mission. She needed some wood to make a warm, crackling fire. She had a shiny, sharp axe to help her. Kira was looking for just the right tree to chop down.  Kira believed the axe was sharp. In a tree not too far away, a little bird began to sing a loud, happy song. Kira hears the bird singing. Kira believes her axe is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in her room, tidying up her playthings. She had a special plan for her teddy bear. She wanted to place it in its neat toy trap. But oh! The toy trap was all empty.  Zara believed the toy trap was empty. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Zara sees the butterfly. Zara believes her cat is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny scooter that was standing tall and ready. Ed was excited to zoom around the park on his scooter.  Ed believed the scooter was upright. In the big, green park, a little child was having fun. With a big smile, they began to fly their colorful kite up in the sky. Ed sees the child with the kite. Ed believes the scooter is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a tall bridge. Little Quinn was standing on this bridge. He had a tiny toy figure in his hand. He wanted to let it fall into the river that flowed under the bridge.  Quinn believed the figure was in his hand. In the bright, sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently settled down on the railing of a little bridge. Quinn sees the butterfly. Quinn believes the figure is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite with a string all rolled up on a reel. Gabe was excited to make his kite dance high up in the sky.  Gabe believed the kite's string was tightly wound on the reel. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Gabe sees the butterfly. Gabe believes the kite's string is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wanted to make a warm fire in the fireplace. The box of matches was not empty.  Ina believed the match box was full. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Ina hears the doorbell ring. Ina believes the match box is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara found a special four leaf clover. She wanted to keep it safe. She had a locket, and it was empty. Zara thought her lucky clover would fit just right in her locket.  Zara believed the locket was empty. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Zara's shoulder. Zara sees the butterfly. Zara believes the locket contains
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Gina was having fun with her toys. She had a big wish   she wanted to put all her toys neatly into her toy box. Her toy box was always tidy and neat.  Gina believed the toy box was very organized. In the cozy room, a playful kitty pranced in. With twinkling eyes, she found a toy mouse. Oh, how she loved to play with it, batting it around with her soft paws! Gina sees the cat. Gina believes the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big, bustling restaurant, there was a boy named Finn. He was ready to pick his food. He wanted a big, yummy pizza. The menu was very long, filled with lots of different foods.  Finn believed the menu was long and full of food items. In the middle of a fun birthday party nearby, a balloon suddenly went "POP!" very loudly. Finn hears the balloon pop. Finn believes the menu is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Lily was busy with her homework. She was excited to use her new pen, which was filled to the brim with ink.  Lily believed the pen was full of ink. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Lily's little desk. Lily sees the cat. Lily believes the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was at the park, watching his friends play a game of soccer. Luke really hoped his friends would win. They were playing with a shiny, new soccer ball.  Luke believed the soccer ball was new and clean. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and sat on Luke's shoulder. Luke sees the butterfly. Luke believes the soccer ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Wendy was waiting. She had a shiny new ball with her. She was excited to play with her friends and her new ball. The ball was very clean and bright.  Wendy believed the ball was clean. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Wendy's shoulder. Wendy sees the butterfly. Wendy believes the ball is
Once upon a time, at the big zoo, Una was looking at the hippos. She wanted to snap a photo of the biggest one. This big hippo was close to the water.  Una believed the hippo was near the water's edge. A cheeky monkey wriggles out of its home and dashes by little Una, making her giggle. Una sees the monkey running past. Una believes the hippo is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Tina. She was having a great time. Tina had her eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear at the ring toss game. Near the game, there was an ashtray that was not broken.  Tina believed the ashtray was intact. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Tina sees the clown. Tina believes the ashtray is
Once upon a time, in a bright little room, Nia was busy with her math homework. She had her math book open on her desk. Nia hoped to finish quickly so she could have time to play.  Nia believed the math book was on her desk. From her window, little Nia watches a playful squirrel scampering across the green yard. Nia sees the squirrel. Nia believes the math book is
