Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Tim starts boiling water to cook the pasta. Tim thinks that the pasta box is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her buddies were at the park. They decided to play a fun game of soccer. They had a ball that was very clean and sparkly. In the big, green field, a little squirrel was scampering quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Fiona plans to kick the ball to score a goal. Fiona thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olivia sat on a bench. She had a yummy-smelling bag of fresh bread. She wanted to share it with the ducks. In the bright, sunny park, Olivia was sitting on a bench. Suddenly, a beautiful butterfly, with wings like a rainbow, gently landed right next to her. Olivia plans to start feeding the ducks with the bread. Olivia thinks that the bread is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a bench, hoping to see the birds have fun. There was a tiny, pink bird wide awake on a branch of a tree. A playful doggy zoomed by little Ina, his tail wagging as he chased after his bouncy ball. Ina continues to watch the bird. Ina thinks that the bird is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, John was sitting on a bench. He had a special question to ask his girlfriend. He wanted to ask her to be his wife. He had a shiny ring hidden in his hat. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on John's shoulder. John plans to propose to his girlfriend. John thinks that the cap is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Jill was there. She was watching all the little children play. Her son was about to go on the swing for the very first time! Jill had a camera with her, but it was not on. She wanted to make a video of this special moment. In the sunny park, a pretty butterfly gently landed on the swing right next to Jill's little boy. Jill plans to turn on the camera and start recording. Jill thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Ben. He loved taking care of all the animals. His favorite was a horse, the one he loved to ride. He had a saddle for the horse, and it wasn't heavy at all. A funny-looking bird hopped onto the fence at the farm. Ben plans to saddle up his horse for a ride. Ben thinks that the saddle is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Vinny. He had shiny new roller skates. The school hall was big and empty. Vinny wanted to skate fast in the hall. The big school bell goes "Ding, ding, ding!" very loud. Vinny starts to zoom around the hall on his skates. Vinny thinks that the hall is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was at a fair, full of fun games. Fred had his eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear prize. The game machine was ready to play. Suddenly, a funny clown began to do tricks right over there. Fred walks up to the machine to play the game. Fred thinks that the game machine is
Once upon a time, Sam was having a fun picnic at the beach. He had a yummy sandwich to eat. After finishing his sandwich, he planned to go see his friend. In the soft, warm sand, a happy dog was playing. His tail wagged fast as he ran after his favorite ball, right across the big beach. Sam starts eating his sandwich. Sam thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, Quin was playing at the park with his buddies. Quin wanted to show them how brave he was. But oh no! The park's gate was locked. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Quin plans to climb over the gate. Quin thinks that the park's gate is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, bouncy castle. Little Sam was there, his eyes sparkling with excitement. He really wanted to jump and have fun in the castle. The castle was so big and full of air, just waiting for Sam to come and play. As Sam was sitting quietly, a little squirrel scampered right by him, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Sam runs towards the castle to start playing. Sam thinks that the inflatable castle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park full of pretty flowers, there was a little girl named Queenie. She needed a green leaf for her art project. She spotted a leaf that was very green and fresh. With a quick wiggle of its fluffy tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Queenie picks the leaf to make her print. Queenie thinks that the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Xander and his friends were having fun. They decided to make a big sand castle. The sand was nice and wet, just right for building. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Xander starts building the sand structure. Xander thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Bella was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was searching for a fun book to read before her nap time. The shelf was packed with lots and lots of books. In a quiet moment, a little toy car slipped from a child's hand, tumbling down right next to Bella. Bella selects a book from the shelf to read before her nap. Bella thinks that the book shelf is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Little Zara was there. She had a special gift for her friend. The gift was wrapped up tight and safe. With a big, red nose and funny, floppy shoes, a silly clown came to join the fun at the party. Zara plans to give her friend the gift. Zara thinks that the gift is
Once upon a time, Dave was at a fun party at his friend's house. He needed to go upstairs to find his coat. The door upstairs was not locked. At the fun party, a playful dog began to bark with a big, loud voice. Dave starts walking towards the stairs to go upstairs. Dave thinks that the upstairs door is
Once upon a time, Mabel was by a quiet, still swamp. She was on a fun adventure to find a frog. She wanted to catch one to show her friends. In the big, squishy swamp, a little bird flapped its wings and soared high up in the sky. Mabel continues to search for frogs. Mabel thinks that the swamp is
Once upon a time, little Xander went to the doctor's office for a check-up. He wanted to be brave and not worry. The room was a bit dark because the doctor's light switch was off. In a bright, cheerful doctor's office, a little cat bravely strolled in. Xander continues reading his book to stay calm. Xander thinks that the light switch is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a little boy named Ed. Ed had a funny joke he wanted to share with his friends. Nearby, a jug full of yummy juice was waiting for everyone to enjoy. In the middle of a sunny kitchen, a yummy piece of cake slipped off the table and tumbled down to the floor. Ed starts to tell his joke to his friends. Ed thinks that the juice jug is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Zara was all set to plant pretty flowers. She had her strong spade ready to dig little holes. In Zara's colorful garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a blooming flower. Zara starts to dig holes with her spade. Zara thinks that the spade is
Once upon a time, Xena was having fun at a party, twirling and laughing with her friends. She had a cup of yummy yellow lemonade that was filled to the top. Xena wanted to take a sip of her lemonade. At the fun party, a big purple balloon went "pop"! Xena plans to take a sip of her lemonade. Xena thinks that the lemonade cup is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Kira. She was having fun with her happy dog, Max. Kira had a shiny, plastic ball. She wanted to play fetch with Max. The ball was very, very shiny. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Kira continues to play fetch with Max using the bright ball. Kira thinks that the plastic ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was in a big forest, searching for some wood. He wanted to make a treehouse! He needed a big, strong tree to chop down. He had a very sharp saw. As Luke was standing, a little squirrel scampered right by him. Luke starts cutting the tree with the saw. Luke thinks that the saw is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Amy was sitting on a bench. She had a big, red balloon that she really wanted to play with. The balloon was so big because it was full of air. Suddenly, a dog near Amy began to make big, loud barks. Amy starts running around the park with the balloon. Amy thinks that the red balloon is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He was playing all by himself in the park. Jack had a fun idea - he wanted to climb up the big statue of a man that was in the park. The statue didn't have any smell. In the big green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running fast, his tail wagging. His bark was loud, echoing all around. He was having so much fun! Jack continues practicing his hops to jump on the statue. Jack thinks that the man statue is
Once upon a time, Jill was at a fun party with her buddies. She thought of a silly joke to share, hoping to make her friends giggle. Her good friend, Tom, was wide awake and ready to listen. At the fun party, a balloon went "POP!" with a big, loud noise. Jill starts telling her joke to Tom. Jill thinks that the tom is
Once upon a time, in a bustling city, there was a man named Bob. Bob was on a quest to find a new place to eat. He found a food place that was open and ready to welcome him. A friendly man began to make lovely sounds with his guitar on the corner of their street. Bob starts walking towards the food place. Bob thinks that the food place is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy living room, Wendy was doing her morning stretches, just like a cat. She wanted to see herself in the tall, shiny mirror. The mirror was standing up straight, just like a soldier. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding-dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Wendy continues her yoga, occasionally checking her poses in the mirror. Wendy thinks that the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Carl and his friends were having fun playing soccer. Carl had a big wish - he wanted to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball was waiting on the ground, ready for Carl's big kick. A little squirrel scampered quickly up a tree that was close by. Carl prepares to shoot the ball towards the goal. Carl thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Kira was on a special mission. She needed some wood to make a warm, crackling fire. She had a shiny, sharp axe to help her. Kira was looking for just the right tree to chop down. In a tree not too far away, a little bird began to sing a loud, happy song. Kira starts to cut down a tree with her axe. Kira thinks that the axe is
Once upon a time, Rita was in a big room full of books, the library. She wanted to find a special book. This book was on the very top shelf of the bookcase. The bookcase was tidy and neat, just like her toy box at home. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Rita starts to hurry to reach the top shelf to get the book. Rita thinks that the bookcase is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in her room, tidying up her playthings. She had a special plan for her teddy bear. She wanted to place it in its neat toy trap. But oh! The toy trap was all empty. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Zara plans to put her teddy in the toy trap. Zara thinks that the toy trap is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was sitting on a big rock in his garden. Ben had a fun idea - he wanted to make a house for the birds! He had a bag full of shiny, new nails that smelled just like new metal. In the middle of Ben's colorful drawing, a pretty butterfly gently landed. Ben starts to gather his tools to build the birdhouse. Ben thinks that the bag of nails is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny scooter that was standing tall and ready. Ed was excited to zoom around the park on his scooter. In the big, green park, a little child was having fun. With a big smile, they began to fly their colorful kite up in the sky. Ed is ready to hop on and start riding the scooter. Ed thinks that the scooter is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Max went to a shop full of yummy ice cream. He wanted to get a big, sweet ice cream cone that cost a lot of pennies. The ice cream cone was as cold as snow. Outside the sweet ice cream shop, a gentle mist began to twinkle down. Max pays for the ice cream cone. Max thinks that the ice cream cone is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden full of flowers, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved the sweet-smelling poppies the most. One day, Xander decided to pick some of these smooth poppies to make a pretty bouquet for his mom. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a lovely red rose. Xander starts picking the poppies to make a bouquet. Xander thinks that the poppies is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pia was all set for a fun picnic. She had a yummy sandwich with cheese to eat. The cheese was hard and chilly. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Pia. Pia starts eating her sandwich with the cheese still solid. Pia thinks that the cheese in the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a tall bridge. Little Quinn was standing on this bridge. He had a tiny toy figure in his hand. He wanted to let it fall into the river that flowed under the bridge. In the bright, sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently settled down on the railing of a little bridge. Quinn prepares to drop the figure into the river. Quinn thinks that the figure is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite with a string all rolled up on a reel. Gabe was excited to make his kite dance high up in the sky. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Gabe starts running to let his kite take flight. Gabe thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Tanya was at the beach. She was sitting in her little hut. Tanya had a big, flat piece of paper. She wanted to make a picture of her hut on it. A little crab hurried into the tiny house. Tanya starts sketching the hut on the paper. Tanya thinks that the paper is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the big zoo. She was standing near the cage where the funny monkeys lived. Zara had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to give the monkeys some food. In her hand, she held a bag. It was full of yummy peanuts. In a tree not too far away, a colorful parrot was making a big noise. "Squawk! Squawk!" it called out, loud and clear. Zara starts walking towards the monkey cage to feed the monkeys. Zara thinks that the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her house. She was getting ready for a fun party. She wanted all her friends to come. On her head, Yara had a still veil. With a soft, gentle purr, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into the room, her whiskers twitching curiously. Yara continues writing the invitations. Yara thinks that the veil is
Once upon a time, Greta was in the park. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take a special picture of a butterfly. Her camera smelled nice because she had sprayed it with her sweet perfume. A little squirrel ran by Greta, making lots of noise. Greta continues to look for a unique butterfly to photograph. Greta thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Little Lisa was there, but she was feeling a bit shy. She really wanted to clap her hands with the music and join in the fun. But oh no! The top of her water bottle was on really tight. At the fun party, the happy music suddenly turned into a gentle, slow song. Lisa thinks about opening her water bottle to take a sip. Lisa thinks that the water bottle cap is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wanted to make a warm fire in the fireplace. The box of matches was not empty. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding-dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Ina goes to light the fire with the matches. Ina thinks that the match box is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Daisy and her nice dog, Max, were ready to play. Daisy had a fun game in mind - fetch! Max's toy was already on the ground, waiting for the game to start. In a sunny corner of the park, a sweet little girl gently reached out to pet Max, her eyes sparkling with joy. Daisy plans to throw the toy and have Max fetch it. Daisy thinks that the dog's toy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ben was having a fun day with his friends. He had a special toy belt in his bag that he was excited to show his friends. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Ben plans to show his friends the belt. Ben thinks that the belt is
Once upon a time, Dora was at the park. She was excited to run on the path that went all around the big lake. The path was nice and clean, with no ice on it. In a little town, a bakery was making yummy cookies. The smell of the warm, fresh cookies filled the air. It was so good, it made everyone's tummy rumble. Dora begins her run on the path around the lake. Dora thinks that the path is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara found a special four-leaf clover. She wanted to keep it safe. She had a locket, and it was empty. Zara thought her lucky clover would fit just right in her locket. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Zara's shoulder. Zara plans to put the clover inside her locket. Zara thinks that the locket is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Gina was having fun with her toys. She had a big wish - she wanted to put all her toys neatly into her toy box. Her toy box was always tidy and neat. In the cozy room, a playful kitty pranced in. With twinkling eyes, she found a toy mouse. Oh, how she loved to play with it, batting it around with her soft paws! Gina continues to fit her toys into the toy box. Gina thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big city park, there was a little girl named Mabel. Mabel was having a fun day flying her kite. She wished to see her kite go way up high in the sky. The sky was a beautiful clear blue. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was running, his tail wagging in the breeze. Mabel continues to let her kite fly higher. Mabel thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Nia was all set to have fun with her friends. It was her birthday, and she had planned a special day of playing games with a hoop. The hoop was there, waiting for the games to start. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Nia starts to organize the hoop games. Nia thinks that the hoop is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Xander was having fun in the sandbox. He had a big dream - to build a grand sand castle! The sand was soft and perfect for shaping. In the bright, sunny park, a playful dog happily dashed right by the big, fun sandbox. Xander continues to shape the sand for his castle. Xander thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, in a big, bustling restaurant, there was a boy named Finn. He was ready to pick his food. He wanted a big, yummy pizza. The menu was very long, filled with lots of different foods. In the middle of a fun birthday party nearby, a balloon suddenly went "POP!" very loudly. Finn decides to order a pizza from the menu. Finn thinks that the menu is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Lily was busy with her homework. She was excited to use her new pen, which was filled to the brim with ink. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Lily's little desk. Lily starts writing her homework. Lily thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was in the bathroom, all set to have a shower. He was really looking forward to a nice, warm shower. The shower head was shiny and clean. In the bathroom, a little spider was busy climbing up the wall. Fred turns on the shower to enjoy a hot shower. Fred thinks that the shower head is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a little girl named Chloe. She loved playing on her most favorite slide. It was a huge slide, the biggest in the park! Chloe liked to go down this slide over and over again. The slide was so slippery, it made her go whoosh! In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Chloe runs back to the slide to slide down again. Chloe thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was at the park, watching his friends play a game of soccer. Luke really hoped his friends would win. They were playing with a shiny, new soccer ball. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and sat on Luke's shoulder. Luke continues to cheer for his team. Luke thinks that the soccer ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Wendy was waiting. She had a shiny new ball with her. She was excited to play with her friends and her new ball. The ball was very clean and bright. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Wendy's shoulder. Wendy waits for her friends to come so they can start playing. Wendy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, little Jack was at the bus stop. He was ready to go to school. Jack was excited to ride the big, bright yellow bus that shone like the sun. In the bright morning, a playful doggie scampered past the big, yellow bus stop. Jack continues to observe the caterpillar while waiting for the bus. Jack thinks that the bus is
Once upon a time, Ollie and his friends were playing at the beach. Ollie had a long, smooth cable. He wanted to hide it in the sand for a fun game called "Find the Treasure". A friendly seagull gently touched down next to Ollie and his friends. Ollie starts burying the cable in the sand. Ollie thinks that the cable is
Once upon a time, at the big zoo, Una was looking at the hippos. She wanted to snap a photo of the biggest one. This big hippo was close to the water. A cheeky monkey wriggles out of its home and dashes by little Una, making her giggle. Una plans to take the picture of the hippo near the water's edge. Una thinks that the the biggest hippo is
Once upon a time, Sally was in her room. She was busy with her art project. She wanted to make a fun sculpture using gum. The gum she had was very, very strong. With a playful leap, Kitty landed on Sally's desk. Uh-oh! Her fluffy tail swept a cup and splash! Water spilled everywhere. Sally starts molding the gum into her design. Sally thinks that the gum is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, there was a teacher named Usha. She had a bendy ruler, perfect for drawing straight lines on the big board. The ruler was as straight as a stick. With a soft purr, a fluffy cat tiptoed into the big, bright classroom through the door that was left ajar. Usha starts drawing lines on the board using the ruler. Usha thinks that the ruler is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Abby was all set for fun. She had her best toy with her - a bright red jumping rope. Abby loved to skip and hop with her rope. A little bird, all by itself, gently settles on a stick close by. Abby starts skipping with her rope. Abby thinks that the jumping rope is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Tina. She was having a great time. Tina had her eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear at the ring toss game. Near the game, there was an ashtray that was not broken. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Tina continues to play the ring toss game to win the teddy bear. Tina thinks that the ashtray is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Quin. He was having a fun day playing with his fluffy dog. Quin had a yummy treat for his dog. His dog loved the treat because it was so tasty. In the bright, sunny park, a little squirrel hopped over to visit Quin and his fluffy dog. Quin tries to give the treat to his dog. Quin thinks that the dog treat is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was gazing at the clear, blue sky. Ollie was hoping to see a cloud shaped like a bunny. But, oh dear, there were no clouds in the sky today! In the warm, sunny afternoon, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down onto Ollie's carefully built sandcastle. Ollie continues to make his sandcastle and waits for a cloud to appear. Ollie thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Ella. She was at her house, all set to begin her day. Ella had a special wish for breakfast. She wanted to munch on a slice of pie. The pie was as fresh as a daisy. In the quiet, a car beep-beeped far, far away. Ella starts to cut a piece of pie. Ella thinks that the pie is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, Wendy was having fun with her toys. Her most loved toy was a cuddly bear. This bear always smelled so good. Today, Wendy decided it was time to give her special bear a clean. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Wendy continues to play with the bear. Wendy thinks that the bear is
Once upon a time, in a bright little room, Nia was busy with her math homework. She had her math book open on her desk. Nia hoped to finish quickly so she could have time to play. From her window, little Nia watches a playful squirrel scampering across the green yard. Nia plans to continue doing her math homework. Nia thinks that the math book is
Once upon a time, little Molly was in a quiet park. She sat under a big tree. Molly had a new book to read. The book was just okay. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy. He was chasing his favorite toy, a bright, colorful frisbee. Molly starts reading her book. Molly thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, wet swamp, Molly was on a special mission. She was searching high and low for a pretty green frog. She needed one for her school project. She had a jar with a very tight lid, all ready to gently catch her froggy friend. In the far away, a big boom of thunder made a noise. Molly plans to catch the charming green frog. Molly thinks that the jar lid is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Pete. He had a kite, a special kite that looked like a fluffy, furry animal. Pete loved his kite and he wanted it to fly high, high up in the sky, even higher than the tall trees. But oh no! The string of Pete's kite was not tied. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was having lots of fun. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy, as he chased his favorite ball. Pete tries to fly his kite higher. Pete thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her family went to the park. They were going to have a picnic. Their picnic basket was filled to the top. Fiona hoped it would be a fun dinner at the park. In a quiet moment, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Fiona's shoulder. Fiona starts driving to the park for the picnic. Fiona thinks that the picnic basket is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Nia was busy making pictures. She had a big idea! She wanted to draw a big, green leaf. It was going to be a very special picture. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy as he chased his favorite ball. Nia continues to draw the leaf as it was, green and big. Nia thinks that the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys and laughter, lived a little girl named Tina. She was very excited because she was going to a party. Tina had a beautiful new dress she wanted to wear. The dress, as pretty as a rainbow, was hanging on the stair railing, waiting for her. With a soft pounce, Kitty landed on the cozy bed. Her eyes sparkled as she began to play with her favorite toy, a colorful ball of yarn. Tina plans to wear the dress to the party. Tina thinks that the dress is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Kira was having fun with her toy car. She was playing on a bumpy path. Kira had a big idea - she wanted her toy car to zoom down the hill! Right now, the toy car was not moving. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Kira prepares to push her toy car down the hill. Kira thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, Nora was waiting by a street full of cars zooming by. She needed to find a taxi to take her home. But oh no! The taxi's light was not shining. A big, fluffy cloud floated across the sky, hiding the bright sun behind it. Nora continues to wait for an available taxi. Nora thinks that the taxi light is
Harry was at the place where cars go zoom-zoom, ready to drive his big, fast car. Harry wanted to go really, really fast around the big circle. The car's noisy vroom-vroom was working good. In the middle of the big, round race track, a little bird gently touched down. Harry gets into his car to start the race. Harry thinks that the car's motor is
Once upon a time, as the stars began to twinkle, little Sam was tucked up in his cozy bed. He was ready for dreamland, but not before a special bedtime treat. He had a brand new story book, its pages crisp and unturned. He asked his mom, with a sleepy smile, to read him a tale from it. With a soft, playful leap, the fluffy kitty landed on the cozy bed. Sam wakes up and asks his mom to read him the story. Sam thinks that the story book is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, Sally was at her desk. She had some homework to do. Her desk was as clean as a whistle. With a quick leap, Kitty landed on the window sill. She opened her mouth wide and let out a big, loud "meow!" Sally plans to sign her completed homework and put it in her school bag. Sally thinks that the desk is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little bedroom, Ruth was having fun with her toys. But oh dear! Her table was all messy with toys everywhere. Ruth decided it was time to tidy up her toy-filled table. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Ruth starts picking up the toys to clean the table. Ruth thinks that the table is
Once upon a time, Wanda was in a peaceful park. She sat on a bench, ready to eat her lunch. She had a shiny, clean fork with her. Over at the far side of the park, a doggy began to woof-woof very loudly. Wanda starts to eat her lunch with her fork. Wanda thinks that the fork is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Iris was having fun with her toys. She had a special doll she loved very much. Today, she decided to give her doll a new look. She had a box, a box full of lovely dresses. Oh, how pretty they were! With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Iris continues to play dress-up with her doll. Iris thinks that the clothes box is
Once upon a time, Tara was in a park. She sat under a big, tall tree. She had a new book to read. She liked the quiet outside. The tree was very big and strong. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was seen scampering quickly. Tara continues reading her book under the tree. Tara thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Sam was playing in the park. He felt very hot and wanted a chilly drink. Luckily, he had a bottle full of water with him. Suddenly, a playful doggie zoomed by, right past Sam and his giggling friends. Sam plans to take a break and drink from his water bottle. Sam thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ike. He was at school, listening to a long talk. Ike thought it would be fun to draw in his notebook. He had a pen filled with lots of ink. In the big room where everyone learns, a funny noise tickled their ears from the far back corner. Ike starts to doodle on his notebook. Ike thinks that the ink pen is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella was all set to paint a picture. She had found a sparkly gem in the garden and placed it on the table. She wanted to paint that beautiful gem. In the room, the lights began to dance, just like twinkling stars. Ella starts painting the gem. Ella thinks that the gem is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Kate. She was in her garden, looking at all her pretty flowers. Kate had a big red rose she loved very much. The rose was very big and pretty because it was in full bloom. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Kate starts taking pictures of the rose. Kate thinks that the rose is
Once upon a time, at a sunny beach, there was a little boy named Ben. He was having fun in a sandcastle contest. Ben really wanted to win with his big, beautiful sandcastle. The sea was very far away. A friendly seagull gently touched down close to us. Ben continues building his sandcastle. Ben thinks that the tide is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Zoe was all set to do her fun exercise. She planned to do a certain number of sit-ups. The grass where she sat was dry and nice. With a wagging tail, a happy doggy zoomed by little Zoe. He was having so much fun chasing his bouncy ball! Zoe continues to do her sit-ups on the grass. Zoe thinks that the grass is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lucy was all set for a big race. She really hoped to be the fastest. She had on her shiny, new running shoes, ready to zoom! In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Lucy's shoulder. Lucy starts the race with her new shoes. Lucy thinks that the running shoes is
Once upon a time, Rob and his wife were at a fun fair. Rob saw a big teddy bear and wanted to win it for his wife. The game with the teddy bear was very noisy. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Rob decides to wait until the game is less loud to play. Rob thinks that the teddy bear game is
Once upon a time, in a huge zoo, there was a zookeeper named Ivy. Ivy had a very important job to do. She had to feed the big, strong lion. The lion always ate fresh food. Ivy made sure of that. A rich man decided to spend his day at the animal park. Ivy starts walking towards the lion's cage with the food. Ivy thinks that the lion's food is
Once upon a time, Fred was tidying up his old house. He decided to peek inside the attic, but oh no! The attic door wouldn't open. In the bright, sunny yard, a little kitty was having fun. With a quick wiggle of her tail, she dashed across the green grass, her soft paws barely making a sound. Fred finds a tool and tries to open the attic door. Fred thinks that the attic door is
Once upon a time, in her colorful art room, Carla was busy with a fun project. She was making a pretty purple postcard to send to her buddy. All her other mail was plain white. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Carla's little table. Carla continues with her original purple design. Carla thinks that the mail is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Wilma. She was at the big train station, waiting for her train. She was going to ride the train to visit her friend's house. The train was ready and waiting on the tracks. In the big, busy train station, a playful dog was running around, his tail wagging happily. Wilma goes to the platform to board the train. Wilma thinks that the train is
Once upon a time, Bob was at the park. He was sitting near a big pond. Bob had a wish. He wanted to catch a big fish to eat for dinner. He had yummy bait on his hook. Suddenly, a playful doggie dashed past, wagging his tail. With a happy bark, he leaped right into the splish-splashy pond. Bob casts his line into the pond to catch a fish. Bob thinks that the bait on his hook is
Once upon a time, Wendy and her little puppy were at the park. Wendy had a fun plan! She wanted to play a game of fetch with her puppy. She had a new toy for this game. The toy was not twisted. In a sunny field close by, a bunch of little friends began to play a fun game of soccer. Their laughter and cheers filled the air as they kicked the ball back and forth. Wendy plans to throw the toy for her dog to fetch. Wendy thinks that the toy is
Once upon a time, in a room full of music, there was a boy named Quinn. He had a guitar in his hands. Quinn had a big wish - he wanted to make a new song. He had a tape recorder, and it was turned on. In the room full of musical sounds, a curious kitty decided to explore. Quinn starts to play his guitar to record the song. Quinn thinks that the tape recorder is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pat was sitting on a bench. Pat had a big wish - to sip a big cup of hot cocoa. The cup was really big, just like Pat's wish! In the park, a friendly squirrel hopped up and sat right next to Pat on the bench. Pat plans to sit back and enjoy the cocoa while watching the sunset. Pat thinks that the cocoa cup is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Yara saw a big green wall made of bricks. It was so pretty, she wanted to make a picture of it for her special art project. The green brick wall smelled really nice and fresh. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Yara starts to draw the green brick wall. Yara thinks that the green brick wall is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a little girl named Ina. She was looking up, up, up at the sky. Ina had a wish. She wanted to see a shooting star. The sky was very clear. In a tree not too far away, a smart owl was making a "hoot-hoot" sound. Ina continues to watch the sky for a shooting star. Ina thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Mary sat on a bench. She had a yummy blueberry muffin she wanted to eat. The muffin was tucked away in her lunch box. Mary was sitting on a bench when a pretty butterfly fluttered down and settled next to her. Mary starts to open her lunch box to eat the muffin. Mary thinks that the muffin is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Ella sat under a cozy shelter. She had a toy car, but oh no! It was broken into many pieces. Ella really wanted to fix her special toy car. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Ella's shoulder. Ella starts to repair her toy car. Ella thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a big, big garage, Zara was all set to make a home for the birds. She had her saw ready to cut the wood. The saw was very, very sharp. With a quick, playful leap, the fluffy cat found herself on top of the big garage roof, her bright eyes sparkling with mischief. Zara starts cutting the wood with the saw. Zara thinks that the saw is
Once upon a time, Rita was in her garden. She was busy putting new flowers into the ground. Rita had a special job to do. She wanted to make a new place for her roses to live. The ground was very hard. In Rita's colorful garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower. Rita starts to dig a hole to plant her roses. Rita thinks that the soil is
Once upon a time, Hannah was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was looking at a book, getting ready for a big quiz. Hannah wanted to keep all the words from her book in her head. The book's page was flat and simple to look at. As the librarian strolled past, her pencil slipped from her hand and tumbled to the ground. Hannah continues to memorize the page. Hannah thinks that the page of the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Nia was having fun with her colorful kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, touching the clouds. The string of her kite was all straight and ready to go. Far away, a big, noisy rain cloud was starting to grow. Nia continues to fly her kite. Nia thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was at a place called the gym. He was ready to start moving and stretching. Fred wanted to play with a big toy called the cable machine. Guess what? The cable machine was not being used by anyone else. It was waiting just for Fred! Suddenly, the gym was filled with the booming sound of a song. It was so loud, it made the walls shake! Fred walks towards the cable machine to start his workout. Fred thinks that the cable machine is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Quincy was having fun with his toy truck. He had a big wish - he wanted to drive his truck on the usual path. His toy truck was ready to go, its battery was all filled up. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was running, his tail wagging fast. Quincy starts driving the toy truck on the normal path. Quincy thinks that the toy truck is
Once upon a time, Polly was at a big, busy airport. She was waiting for her airplane ride. She had a big, round bag to check in. Polly wanted to put her bag away and hop on the plane. A man who was very good at his job walked by Polly. Polly plans to check in her luggage and then go for a quick dance workout before the flight. Polly thinks that the luggage is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny park, Yara saw a little mole. The mole was busy digging a hole right on the green grass. Yara wanted to snap a picture of this busy little mole. Suddenly, a loud noise echoed as a little one's balloon burst nearby. Yara takes out her camera to take a picture of the mole. Yara thinks that the the mole is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, there was a little girl named Val. She had a pretty yellow kite. Val wished to see her kite fly way up high. The kite's string was tied tight to the handle. Suddenly, a loud woof-woof sound filled the air. It was a dog, barking right next to Val! Val starts running to make the kite fly high. Val thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny new toy, a laser that could glow in the dark. Ed was excited to show his friends how his toy could light up when the sun went down. His laser toy was working just right. With a quick wiggle of his tiny tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Ed plans to call his friends over to show them his laser toy. Ed thinks that the laser toy is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Carl. He stood at the start of a big, green forest. Carl was excited for a day of adventure. He planned to walk and walk until he couldn't anymore. In his hand, he held a bottle full of water. High up in the sky, a little bird flapped its wings and flew right above our heads. Carl starts his walk through the forest. Carl thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Cora was having fun with a game. She was trying to figure out the answer to the very last riddle in her big book of riddles. The book was wide open, waiting for Cora to solve the mystery. A bright beam of light peeked into the room, saying hello through the window. Cora continues to guess the answer to the riddle. Cora thinks that the riddle book is
Once upon a time, Quinn was at the park. Quinn was sitting on a bench. Quinn had a big piece of bread. Quinn wanted to give the bread to the ants. The bread was very heavy. A pretty butterfly gently fluttered down, settling on the bench right next to little Quinn. Quinn pulls off a small piece of bread to feed the ants. Quinn thinks that the piece of bread is
Once upon a time, Lila was at a big, fun show. She was excited to do her special dance. She hoped everyone would clap for her. Her dancing shoes were waiting in the cabinet. A funny clown with a big red nose hopped onto the stage. He was there to make everyone in the audience giggle and smile. Lila puts on her dance shoes. Lila thinks that the dance shoes is
Once upon a time, Xena was at a park. She was sitting on a bench. She had a new book with her. She wanted to read it all by herself. The book was not open yet. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Xena starts to open her book to read. Xena thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, dark forest, there was a brave girl named Cara. She had a big dream. She wanted to climb up a tall cliff. Why, you ask? She wanted to see the beautiful sunrise from the top! The path to the top of the cliff was nice and smooth. In a tree not too far away, a little bird began to sing a sweet song. Cara gets up and continues walking up the smooth path. Cara thinks that the path is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Alice was about to play a fun game of hide and seek. She chose a great hiding spot, right behind the big door of the tool shed. The door was shut tight. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was scampering quickly. Alice goes to hide behind the door. Alice thinks that the door of the park's tool shed. is
Once upon a time, at a sandy beach, there was a boy named Liam. He had a shiny new boat. Liam wished to sail his boat on the big blue sea. But, his boat was tied to a tall pole. Suddenly, a giant wave splashed onto the sandy beach, bringing with it a little bucket. Liam plans to untie the boat and sail it in the sea. Liam thinks that the boat is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Jill was all set to play a fun game of dare with her friend. She had a playful idea! She wanted her friend to try and hit a target with a pointy arrow. In the park, a pretend snake tumbled down from a tree. Jill dares her friend to hit the target with the arrow. Jill thinks that the arrow is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Patty was having fun with her favorite toy, a pretty fairy. Patty wished her fairy could soar high in the sky. But for now, the fairy was sitting quietly on the table. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Patty tries harder to make the fairy fly. Patty thinks that the toy fairy is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a shiny football and a big idea. He wanted to gather all his friends for a fun game. The football was as smooth as a pebble. A kind grandpa, wearing a necklace with a cross, strolled past. Ollie starts to unite his friends for the game. Ollie thinks that the football is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a girl named Greta. She was sitting on a bench with a big bag full of yummy food. Greta had a special plan - she wanted to feed all the little animals in the park. Near where Greta was, a bunch of kids began to play a fun game of football. They were laughing and kicking the ball with joy. Greta watched them, her eyes sparkling with excitement. Greta starts feeding the animals. Greta thinks that the bag of food is
Once upon a time, Wendy was having a fun sleepover at her friend's house. They were going to a party! Wendy saw a shiny bracelet on the table. She thought it would be fun to wear her friend's bracelet to the party. As the day started, the sun peeked up from its sleep outside. Wendy plans to put on the bracelet. Wendy thinks that the bracelet is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a little girl named Vicky. She was standing near a pen where the goats lived. Vicky had a big round bucket. It was filled to the top with yummy food for the goats. She wanted to give the goats their dinner. In the bright, sunny sky above the farm, a group of happy birds flapped their wings and flew high. Vicky plans to feed the goats with the food in the bucket. Vicky thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, Pete stood in the post office. He had a bright letter in his hand. It was for his friend and had pretty, colorful stamps on it. With a wag of his tail, a friendly doggie trotted into the big post office. Pete starts walking to the counter to mail the letter. Pete thinks that the letter is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Amy was having fun with her toy drum. She wanted to make a big boom sound with it. The drum skin was on nice and tight. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the room, coming from the window that was wide open. Amy picks up her drumsticks to play the drum. Amy thinks that the drum skin is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ugo. He had a big, bright red balloon. Ugo loved his balloon very much. He wanted to show his friends how high it could fly up in the sky. The balloon was very big and full of air. A playful pup dashes past, happily chasing its own wagging tail. Ugo prepares to release his balloon to fly high in the sky. Ugo thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, Winnie was sitting at her big desk in her office. She needed to get new things for her office. Her paper tray was not empty, it was full up to the top! In the big office, the lights blinked like a twinkling star for a tiny bit. Winnie decides to order other office supplies but not paper. Winnie thinks that the paper tray is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a special red seat that he loved very much. One sunny day, Ollie decided to read a book on his red seat. The seat was very clean and smelled really nice. In the big, green tree, a little squirrel had a nut. Oops! The nut slipped from his tiny paws and fell down, down, down from the tree. Ollie goes back to his seat to read his book. Ollie thinks that the seat is
Once upon a time, Pete was sitting patiently in the tidy barber shop. He was waiting for his turn to get a neat haircut. In the middle of a sunny day, a little cat strolled right into the friendly neighborhood barber shop. Pete waits patiently for his haircut. Pete thinks that the barber shop is
Once upon a time, Tanya was in a park. Right next to her was a big, tall building. This building was not like others, it was very old and special. Tanya had a fun idea. She wanted to make a picture of this big, old building. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy as he chased his favorite ball. Tanya continues to draw the building. Tanya thinks that the building is
Once upon a time, Lucy was in her garden. She was busy putting pretty flowers into the ground. She didn't want to get her dress dirty, so she put on a clean, dry apron. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Lucy continues planting flowers. Lucy thinks that the apron is
Once upon a time, in a tidy little room, Toby was all set for a cozy nap. His pretty, soft bed was waiting for him. It was neat and ready, just like Toby liked it. In the middle of playtime, a little toy car zoomed into the room, ready for a new adventure. Toby plans to crawl into his neat bed and take a nap. Toby thinks that the bed is
Once upon a time, little Jenny was at the park. She was near a quiet pond with her toy boat. Jenny had a big wish. She wanted her toy boat to sail across the pond. In the park, a little squirrel scurried by, holding a tasty nut in its tiny mouth. Jenny prepares to launch her toy boat. Jenny thinks that the pond is
Once upon a time, in a sunny yard, little Quinn was all set to open his lemonade stand. He had a big idea - to make his lemonade extra yummy, he decided to put sugar in it. He had a big jar full of sugar ready to use. In the bright sunshine, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down onto Quinn's colorful lemonade stand. Quinn starts adding sugar to his lemonade. Quinn thinks that the sugar jar is
Once upon a time, in a big, big forest, there was a boy named Harry. He was excited to go camping! Harry had a tent in a bag. He wanted to put up his tent before the night came. With a little leap, a fluffy squirrel hopped from a tree and landed right next to Harry, making him giggle with delight. Harry starts to set up the tent. Harry thinks that the tent is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Amy was having fun with her bright red ball. She loved to throw it high in the sky and catch it as it bounced back. The ball was as dry as a bone. In the sunny garden, a little cherry tumbled down from its tree. Amy plans to continue playing with her ball. Amy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a tiny town park, there was a little girl named Lila. She had a brand new kite. Lila wished to make her kite soar high up in the sky. The string of the kite was very tight. Gentle drops of rain began to fall from the sky, like tiny splashes from a duckling's bath. Lila starts running to make the kite fly. Lila thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Vicky was busy. She had a mission! Her favorite toy car needed her help. The car's wheel was wobbly and loose. Vicky was determined to fix it and make her toy car zoom around the room once more. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Vicky plans to use glue to fix the wheel. Vicky thinks that the toy car's wheel is
Once upon a time, Harry was in his room. He was working hard on his homework. He needed a poem for his English task. His book of poems was really big and heavy. A little squirrel hopped onto the window ledge and began to make lots of loud, funny noises. Harry plans to wake up and start reading the poems for his assignment. Harry thinks that the book of poems is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a playful dog, True. Ollie had a fun idea - he wanted to play a game of fetch with True. True, with his tail wagging, was all ready for the game. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Ollie gets ready to throw the ball for True to fetch. Ollie thinks that the true (the dog) is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ula was all set for a fun day. She had a big plan! She wanted to make a video of her playful dog doing some amazing tricks. Her dog, full of energy, was ready to jump, run and play. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a flower right next to Ula. Ula starts recording her dog doing tricks. Ula thinks that the dog is
Once upon a time, Ellie was at the park. She was sitting near the lake. Ellie had a wish. She wanted to catch a big fish. She had a shiny, new rod to help her. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Ellie's shoulder. Ellie starts casting her rod into the lake. Ellie thinks that the rod is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a bright, new kite. Xander had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to be the winner of the kite flying contest. The string of his kite was all tidy and wrapped around the handle. Near the place where everyone was having a fun contest, a funny clown began to do silly tricks. Xander prepares to launch his kite for the contest. Xander thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Henry. He was in his room, getting all set for school. Henry had a big job to do - he needed to tidy up his school bag. His pencil box was so full, it was bursting with colors! A little birdie hopped onto the window ledge, looking in with bright, curious eyes. Henry starts to put the pencil box into his school bag. Henry thinks that the pencil box is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Tina. She was at the beach, sitting on a dry towel. Tina had a big wish. She wanted to swim in the sparkly sea. A friendly seagull gently touched down next to little Tina. Tina plans to lay down on the towel after finishing her lemonade. Tina thinks that the towel is
Once upon a time, Jane was in her room. She was getting all dressed up for a fun party. Jane needed to find a lipstick that looked just like her pretty dress. She had a box with her lipstick in it. It was not hard to open. With a big leap, Kitty landed on the window ledge, letting out a loud "meow!" Jane starts to open the lipstick box to find a matching lipstick. Jane thinks that the lipstick box is
Once upon a time, Vicky was at the park. She was excited for a picnic. She looked for a lovely place to sit and eat her yummy lunch from her basket. Inside the basket, she had all her most loved foods, all neatly packed. High up in the sky, a colorful kite danced in the wind. Vicky starts to eat her lunch from her organized basket. Vicky thinks that the basket is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, little Wendy was all set to begin a fun project. She had a big idea to create a funny pattern on her canvas. Her paint pot was filled to the brim, ready for her to start. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, dancing through the big open window and into the classroom. Wendy starts to give color to her pattern. Wendy thinks that the paint pot is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Elsie. She had a playful puppy, Spot. Elsie had a fun idea! She wanted to show Spot how to catch a round ball. A big, funny-looking kitty cat tiptoed into the park. Elsie starts throwing the ball for Spot to catch. Elsie thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Nora was getting all dressed up for a fun party. She wanted her shoes to sparkle and shine. She had a can of shoe polish, and it was full to the top! Suddenly, there was a cheerful ring-a-ding-ding! It was Nora's phone, calling out to her. Nora is about to polish her shoes. Nora thinks that the shoe polish can is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, little Qiana was having fun with her toy house. She wished for her toy house to stand tall and strong, so her dolls could have a place to play. The toy house was indeed very sturdy. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Qiana starts to play with her dolls in the toy house. Qiana thinks that the toy house is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, little Cindy was all set to play a fun game of hide and seek. She had her eyes on a big, tall tree to hide behind. Right under that tree, there was an old boot. In the heart of the forest, a little squirrel scampered up a tall, tall tree. Cindy starts counting to start the game of hide and seek. Cindy thinks that the old boot is
Once upon a time, Sally went to a birthday party. She wore a fun pirate costume, hoping to win the best dress-up prize. There was a delicious-looking cake on the table. Suddenly, with a loud bang, the balloon burst. Sally plans to have a piece of the cake. Sally thinks that the cake is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Toby was having fun with his toy lion. He wished his toy lion could roar loudly for his friends to hear. The toy lion's battery was tucked in tight and safe. With a quick wiggle of its fluffy tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Toby continues to show his friends how to make the toy lion roar. Toby thinks that the toy lion's battery is
Once upon a time, little Lily was in her room. It was time to get ready for school! She had a pretty white bag for school. It was very neat and tidy. Lily wanted to pack her bag. With a friendly beep-beep, the big yellow school bus driver toots his horn outside. Lily zips up her bag and heads to the school bus. Lily thinks that the school bag is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Hilda was all set to play a fun game of catch. Her glove, as clean as a whistle, was waiting for her on the bench. It was ready to catch the ball, just like Hilda! With a twitch of his fluffy tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tree close by, his tiny paws moving quickly. Hilda goes back to the bench to put on her glove. Hilda thinks that the glove is
Once upon a time, in a bright and busy lab, there was a boy named Jack. Jack had a special project. He wanted to make his laser shine bright. But oh no! The laser was not on. In their fun little science room, a friend accidentally let a glass jar slip from their hands. It went crash on the floor! Jack tries to find a way to turn on the laser. Jack thinks that the laser is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Hana was ready for fun. She had a playful idea. She wanted her friend to climb the big, yellow slide. But oh dear, the slide was very hot from the bright sun. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Hana starts to dare her friend to climb the slide. Hana thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little one named Quinn. Quinn was sitting happily on a park bench. Quinn felt thirsty and wanted to drink some water. There was a tap in the park, shiny and smooth. Quinn decided to get a drink from the smooth tap. In the park, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down, landing right next to little Quinn on the bench. Quinn gets up to drink water from the tap. Quinn thinks that the tap is
Once upon a time, in a faraway field, there was a boy named Sam. He had a big job to do. He was picking fruit to fill his basket. His favorite fruit was pears. There was a pear tree, and it was full of yummy, ripe pears. Far away, a cow called out with a big, loud "moo". Sam continues to pick pears. Sam thinks that the pear tree is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little girl named Tina. She was excited to play! Her eyes sparkled as she saw the blue swing, all empty and waiting just for her. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Tina runs to the swing to start playing. Tina thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun party full of happy kids, there was a little boy named Quincy. Quincy had his eyes on a big, yummy cake. He wanted to win it in a game called the cake walk. In the middle of a bright, bustling fair, a funny clown began to twist and turn colorful balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he started to create all sorts of wonderful balloon animals. Quincy wakes up and goes to win the cake in the cake walk game. Quincy thinks that the cake is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a big maze full of pretty flowers. Little Max was there, wanting to explore the maze. He hoped he wouldn't get lost as he journeyed through the maze. In the sunny garden, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Max decides to start his journey through the maze. Max thinks that the maze is
Once upon a time, at the zoo, there was a boy named Dan. He saw many animals, but his favorite was the gray leopard. The leopard was having a nap, high up in a tree. Dan wanted to take a snap of the sleepy leopard. A bunch of happy school kids stepped into the big, fun zoo. They were excited to see all the animals! Dan starts taking pictures of the sleeping leopard. Dan thinks that the leopard is
Once upon a time, little Vera and her buddies were playing at the park. Vera really wanted to slide down the big, smooth slide. But oh no! The sun had made the slide too hot to play on. In the bright, sunny playground, a happy little dog was having a fun time running around. Vera waits for the slide to cool down before using it. Vera thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, little Lucy was at the sandy beach. She was gazing at the quiet sea. Lucy had a wish in her heart. She wanted to see a big, big whale in the sea. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently landed right on Lucy's colorful beach towel. Lucy keeps looking at the sea, hoping to see a whale. Lucy thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Wally. Wally was excited to play. His eyes sparkled as he looked at the big, tall tree. He wanted to climb up, up, up to the top of the strong tree. Far away, a car beeped with a big, loud sound. Wally starts climbing the big tree. Wally thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, little Ira went to a joyful fair with his kind aunt. He saw a big, cuddly teddy bear he wanted to win at a game. The game was noisy with lots of other children playing. Near the fun game, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a pop, he made them into all sorts of animals. Ira continues to throw the rings, trying to win the teddy bear. Ira thinks that the game is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a man named Ron. He was standing in front of a machine that made round doughnuts. Ron really wanted to eat a yummy, warm doughnut fresh from the machine. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to do silly tricks. He made everyone giggle and clap with joy. Ron gets ready to buy a round doughnut. Ron thinks that the doughnut machine is
Once upon a time, at a bustling fair, there was a boy named Hank. He was standing near a stand full of colorful balloons. Hank had a special wish. He wanted to win a big, brown balloon for his friend. The balloon was so big, it was filled with lots of air. Nearby, a funny clown began to do silly tricks. Hank plans to give the balloon to his friend. Hank thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, in a park full of green trees, little Nia was on a special mission. She was hoping to find a tiny fairy hiding among the leaves. In the park, a chilly breeze was playing. Nia continues to look for the fairy in the trees. Nia thinks that the trees is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a man named Bob. He was sitting under a tall banana tree. Bob was feeling hungry and he wanted to eat a yummy, ripe banana. The banana was hanging from the tree, just like a little yellow star. Suddenly, a playful doggie dashes past, his tail wagging with joy as he chases after a flying frisbee. Bob plans to reach up and pick the banana. Bob thinks that the banana is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun circus, there was a man named Xander. He was getting ready to do his special trick. He was going to juggle three shiny handles. They were very, very shiny. In the middle of a bright, bustling fair, a funny clown with a big red nose began to twist and turn colorful balloons. One by one, he turned them into amazing animals that made all the children giggle with joy. Xander starts his juggling act with the bright handles. Xander thinks that the handles is
Once upon a time, Xena was at a fun zoo. She saw some big crocodiles. One crocodile was very big and very fast. It was swimming in the water. Xena wanted to take a picture of it. Suddenly, a big, fun sound echoed from the home of the playful monkeys. Xena starts adjusting her camera to take the picture of the crocodile in the water. Xena thinks that the crocodile is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the park. She sat on a bench, waiting for the sun to go down. The sun was still way up in the sky. In the sunny park, a playful doggie showed up. He began to dash and dart all around, his tail wagging with joy. Zara considers leaving the park to go home. Zara thinks that the sun is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Jill was having fun with her new kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, touching the clouds. The kite's string was very long, reaching far and wide. Suddenly, a loud woof-woof sound filled the air. A doggie was barking right next to Jill. Jill plans to run faster to make the kite fly higher. Jill thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun fair, there was a little boy named Remy. He was standing in front of a big, exciting roller coaster. Remy really wanted to ride the roller coaster and zoom through the sky. But, oh no! The roller coaster's exit gate was shut tight. Suddenly, a funny clown began to juggle right next to them. Remy heads towards the roller coaster to get on the ride. Remy thinks that the exit gate of the roller coaster is
Once upon a time, Yara sat at her little desk. She had a big job to do. She was going to write a special letter. She had a big, empty envelope ready for her letter. In the middle of her playtime, Yara heard a sound. It was her phone, singing its little tune. Yara plans to put her letter in the envelope. Yara thinks that the envelope is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lily was all set to have fun with her pals. She had her heart set on winning the marble game. But oh dear! The bag of marbles was tied up really tight. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Lily starts the marble game with her friends. Lily thinks that the marble bag is
Once upon a time, Polly was in a shop. She was looking for a pretty dress to wear to her friend's party. She found one she liked very much. It was a clean dress. Suddenly, a playful little doggie scampered right into the shop, his tail wagging with excitement. Polly decides to buy the dress. Polly thinks that the dress is
Once upon a time, Lucy was in her house. She was getting ready for a big, fun party. She wanted all her friends from the far west to come. In the middle of her living room, there was a big ice sculpture. It was very, very solid. With a playful leap, Kitty landed on the table. Uh-oh! She accidentally bumped into a vase and it toppled over. Lucy continues to send out the invitations. Lucy thinks that the ice sculpture is
Once upon a time, Jill was at the zoo. She was standing by the place where the big, fat elephant lived. Jill wanted to snap a picture of the elephant. The elephant was out in the open, easy for everyone to see. A bunch of little friends began to play with a soccer ball close to the home of the big, friendly elephants. Jill prepares to take a picture of the elephant. Jill thinks that the elephant is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Polly. She was sitting on a swing, dreaming of swinging up, up, up into the sky. The swing had a strong chain that was tied up tight and safe. A smart parrot flew down and sat on the swing next to his friend, Polly. Polly pushes off the ground to swing high. Polly thinks that the swing's chain is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a little boy named Sam. He was busy planting beans from a full bag. Sam had a dream - he wanted to grow a really big bean plant. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Sam continues to plant the beans in the hole. Sam thinks that the bean bag is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella sat at her desk. She had a big idea! She wanted to write a special letter to her best friend. But oh dear, her envelope was empty. With a soft pounce, the fluffy cat hopped right up onto the big desk. Ella begins to write the letter. Ella thinks that the envelope is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, Mary was busy giving food to all the animals. She had a big, strong cow that she wanted to tie to the fence with a rope. The rope was pulled very tight. In the sunny meadow, a pretty butterfly gently settled on the soft nose of a big, friendly cow. Mary plans to finish feeding the cow. Mary thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, Wendy was in her house, tidying up her room. She felt like having a chilly juice from the big fridge. Inside the fridge, there were lots and lots of juice bottles. With a soft, gentle purr, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into the room, her whiskers twitching curiously. Wendy goes to the fridge to get a bottle of juice. Wendy thinks that the fridge is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, Quin went to the park. He had a brand new triangle kite. It was very pretty and perfect. Quin was excited to fly his kite high in the sky. A little family of ducks, all in a row, wiggled and waddled by, their fluffy feathers bobbing up and down. Quin starts running to fly his kite. Quin thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Amy was having fun with her friends. She had a big wish in her heart - to blow the biggest soap bubbles ever! She looked at her soap bottle. It was full to the top! Suddenly, a little squirrel scurries by, right in front of Amy and her giggling friends. Amy starts blowing big soap bubbles. Amy thinks that the soap bottle is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Daisy. Daisy had a special kite. It was as light as a feather. She wanted to make it fly way up high in the sky. In the bright sunshine, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down, landing right on Daisy's colorful sunglasses. Daisy starts running to fly her kite. Daisy thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, at a jolly fair, there was a boy named Carl. He was standing by a game booth, his eyes fixed on a big, cuddly teddy bear. The teddy bear was hanging from a strong hook, waiting for someone to win it. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Carl prepares to pay and play the game. Carl thinks that the teddy bear is
Once upon a time, little Ben was in a place full of books, the library. He was on a special mission. He wanted to find a big picture of the world to hang in his room. The library had a big, beautiful picture of the world that had everything on it. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Ben starts planning to take the map home. Ben thinks that the world map is
Once upon a time, little Will was at the zoo. He was watching the leopards. He wished to see the big leopard go to sleep. But, oh no! The leopard's bed was all empty. A bunch of little friends were playing near the big cat's home. They were running fast and calling out loud, right next to where the spotted leopard lived. Will considers leaving to see other animals since the leopard's bed is still empty. Will thinks that the leopard's bed is
In her big garage, Ingrid was all set to make her special bike all better. She needed to put oil on the bike's pedal. The pedal was all rusty and old. In the big, red garage, a fluffy little cat tiptoed in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Ingrid starts to oil the rusty pedal. Ingrid thinks that the bike pedal is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ben. He was having lots of fun with his new kite. It was a strong kite, standing tall and firm in the sky. Ben was very excited to show his kite to his friend, who was a pilot. In the sunny park, a truck full of yummy, low-cost ice cream arrived. Ben goes to find his friend to show his kite. Ben thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Ula was all set to play. She was excited to play tag with her friends and hoped to be the winner. She had a juice box with her, filled to the top, ready for when she got thirsty. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Ula plans to drink the juice after the game. Ula thinks that the juice box is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Sam. He was in a big, beautiful park, sitting on a comfy bench. In his hands, he held a brand new kite. But oh no! The kite's string was not tied. A little squirrel was seen running fast on the green grass close by. Sam intends to attach the kite to the untied string and fly it. Sam thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a fun and messy art class at school, Dora had a big idea. She wanted to show her friends how to make a big pot from a big lump of clay. The big, happy school bell chimed, telling all the little kids it was time for yummy lunch. Dora continues to teach her friends how to mold the clay. Dora thinks that the lump of clay is
Once upon a time, in a very bright forest, there was a girl named Vera. She was on a special mission. Vera was looking for a very special tree. This wasn't just any tree, oh no! This tree had the brightest leaves in the whole wide forest. In the middle of her playtime, Vera saw a smart little fox scamper across her way. Vera keeps looking for the tree with the brightest leaves. Vera thinks that the forest is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Finn. He had a colorful kite that he loved to play with. He dreamed of making it soar high up in the sky. But oh no! The kite's string was all twisted and knotted. With a jingle-jangle sound, the colorful ice cream truck rolled into the park. Finn continues to look for a stick to help untangle the string. Finn thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a room full of colors and brushes, Xander was all set to make a picture. He wanted to draw a big, strong bald eagle. His pen was shiny and clean, ready to start the fun. In the colorful art room, a little kitty quietly tiptoed in. Xander starts drawing the bald eagle. Xander thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Carl. He was sitting on a park bench, watching the busy street. He loved to see all the different cars zooming by. As Carl sat quietly on his little bench, a tiny squirrel scampered past him, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Carl continues to watch the cars. Carl thinks that the street is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Fiona. She was at the park, looking at the pigeons. Fiona had a big bag of food just for the birds. The bag was full, ready to feed the pigeons. With a wagging tail, a happy doggie zoomed by Fiona. He was having so much fun chasing his bouncy ball! Fiona starts to open the bag to feed the pigeons. Fiona thinks that the bag of bird food is
Once upon a time, in a big red barn, Rita was busy. She was giving each of her horses a big pile of hay. The hay pile was so big, it was as tall as a hill! With a playful leap, a fluffy cat hopped right onto a big, soft pile of hay. Rita hopes to finish feeding and start cleaning the barn. Rita thinks that the hay pile is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Lily and her friends were playing a fun game of hide and seek. Lily needed to find a super secret spot to hide. She saw a big tree with lots and lots of leaves. It looked like the perfect spot to hide! In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Lily goes to hide behind the big tree. Lily thinks that the big tree is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ina was having fun on the swing. She had a big dream - she wanted to swing so high that she could touch the sky! The swing was nice and straight, and it didn't wobble at all. Ina giggled as a pretty butterfly gently landed on her leg. Ina continues to swing higher, hoping to touch the sky. Ina thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a girl named Rose. She saw a big, bright hot air balloon. Rose wanted to go up, up, up in the balloon. The balloon was big and full, ready for a fun ride. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was seen scampering quickly. Rose starts walking towards the balloon to get ready for her ride. Rose thinks that the hot air balloon is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a boy named Ben. He was busy picking yummy vegetables. Ben was looking for a special red onion. But, this onion was tricky, it looked just like a white one! In the sunny farm, a little bunny was hopping, his fluffy tail bouncing with each hop. Ben leaves the onion, thinking it is not the rare red onion he was looking for. Ben thinks that the onion is
Once upon a time, little Sally was at the zoo. She saw a big rhinoceros. Sally wanted to snap a picture of the rhinoceros when it was having a rest. But, the rhinoceros was not sitting down, it was standing up. A bunch of happy school kids were playing. They ran fast, laughing and yelling, all the way to where the big rhinoceros lived. Sally prepares to take a picture of the standing rhinoceros. Sally thinks that the rhinoceros is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Wendy was having fun with her toy gun. She thought of sharing this joy with her best buddy, Sam. Her toy gun was as smooth as a pebble. In the soft glow of the moonlight, a little kitty was sitting outside the window. She opened her mouth wide and let out a big, loud meow. Wendy finishes writing the note to Sam and goes to find her. Wendy thinks that the toy gun is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Yara was sitting on a bench. She had a big bag full of peanuts. Yara wanted to share her peanuts with the squirrels. In the big, green park, a playful dog was having fun. He was running around and around, trying to catch his own wagging tail. Yara starts throwing peanuts to the squirrels. Yara thinks that the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Charlie was at the park. He was having a fun picnic under a huge tree. Charlie had a yummy apple with him. The apple was sitting on his picnic blanket. Charlie really wanted to eat his sweet apple. In the middle of Charlie's fun picnic, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down onto his colorful blanket. Charlie reaches out to pick up the apple from the blanket. Charlie thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little girl named Nancy. She was sitting on a bench that was as colorful as a rainbow. Nancy had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to paint that very same bench, making it even more colorful and beautiful. In the park, a little squirrel scampered quickly over a wooden bench. Nancy plans to add more details to her painting of the bench. Nancy thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, Usha was in a shop full of gifts. She saw a sparkly diamond necklace that was very special. She wanted to get this necklace for her mommy. The necklace was kept safe inside a clear glass box. In a bright, colorful gift shop, a funny clown with a big red nose came in. He was there to buy lots of bouncy balloons. Usha asks the shopkeeper if she can buy the diamond necklace. Usha thinks that the diamond necklace is
Once upon a time, Zara was in the park. It was her birthday! She had a cooler full of yummy, cold ice cream. She wanted to keep it nice and chilly for her party. In the big, green park, a faithful doggie went for a little adventure. Zara plans to serve the ice cream to her guests. Zara thinks that the ice cream is
Once upon a time, Rita was in her garden. She loved her plants very much. One day, Rita thought of planting new herbs. She had a round pot ready for her new herbs. In the garden, a loud bird began to sing from its perch on a nearby tree. Rita plans to put soil in the herb pot and plant the new herbs. Rita thinks that the herb pot is
Once upon a time, Olivia was in a big store. She was looking at lots of paint cans. She wanted to find one that was blue. She saw a can with a label that said "blue". In the big, bright store, a playful dog was having a fun adventure, running all around. Olivia decides to buy the can of paint she believes is blue. Olivia thinks that the can of paint is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Amy was all set to play her shiny, clean flute. She was excited to play a new song she had just learned. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Amy starts to play her new song on the flute. Amy thinks that the flute is
Once upon a time, it was Vera's birthday party. All her friends were there. Vera had a yummy birthday cake to share. But oh no! The cake box was very tightly closed. At the fun party, a balloon suddenly went "pop"! Vera plans to cut the cake and share it with her friends. Vera thinks that the cake box is
Once upon a time, Usha was at the beach. She was having fun making a sand castle. After a nice swim, she wanted to use her big, fluffy beach towel to get dry. The towel was all dry and soft. A cheeky seagull flew down from the sky. Quick as a flash, it took a sandwich from a picnic that was close by. Usha goes to grab her towel to dry off after swimming. Usha thinks that the beach towel is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Nora. She was in a class where she could play with clay. Nora wanted to make a pretty vase. The clay was hard and waiting to be made into something beautiful. In the middle of a fun pottery class, a little cat strolled in, curious to see what was happening. Nora starts shaping the clay into a vase. Nora thinks that the clay is
Once upon a time, little Mabel was all by herself in a colorful park. She had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to try the yummy ice cream from the ice cream truck. The truck was parked right next to the tallest tree in the park. Near Mabel, a playful dog began to chase a bouncing ball with lots of joy. Mabel plans to walk to the ice cream truck near the big tree. Mabel thinks that the ice cream truck is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Cara. She was tidying up her room after a fun party. Cara had a special job to do. She wanted to make her trophy shelf neat and tidy. But oh dear, the trophy shelf was all jumbled up and messy! In the quiet corner under the bed, a stinky sock was hiding. Cara plans to clean the trophy shelf next. Cara thinks that the trophy shelf is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Nia. She had a playful dog, Spot. Nia had a light ball and she wanted to play a fun game of fetch with Spot. In the park, a big sound boomed, bouncing off the trees. Nia throws the ball for Spot to fetch. Nia thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, Toby was in a shop full of people. He was looking for a special present for his dad. He wanted to get a bright, shiny buckle for his dad's belt. But, oh no! The glass box with the buckle was shut tight. In the little town, a faithful doggie trotted into the store. Toby decides to ask the shopkeeper to open the glass case. Toby thinks that the glass case is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Sam. Sam loved to play football. He dreamed of running super fast and scoring lots of goals. The goal was big and empty, just waiting for Sam's football. Suddenly, a playful doggie dashed onto the big green field. He was having so much fun chasing a tiny, fluffy squirrel. Sam starts running at full speed towards the goal. Sam thinks that the goal is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Gina. She was at the beach, looking at the big, blue waves. Gina had a wish. She wanted to see an octopus. But, oh no! The little pool by the rocks was all empty. In the bright, sunny sky above the sandy beach, a colorful kite danced and twirled, making the little ones giggle with joy. Gina continues to search for seashells on the sand. Gina thinks that the rock pool is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Sally was having fun with her kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, just like the birds. Her kite had a very long string. A special bird with a secret flew down and sat on a tree close to little Sally. Sally starts to run to make the kite fly. Sally thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Faye. She was very excited because her birthday was coming up. She had a big party planned at her house. Faye had written lots of invitations for her friends. They were all ready to be sent out. With a big smile, Faye's mommy carried in a yummy birthday cake. Faye plans to put the invitations in envelopes and send them out. Faye thinks that the invitations is
Once upon a time, in a shop full of toys, Rita was on a special mission. She wanted to find a pretend alarm clock toy for her little brother. This wasn't just any toy, it was a smooth alarm clock toy. In the middle of the busy store, a tiny girl began to sob with all her might. Rita goes to the counter to buy the alarm clock toy. Rita thinks that the alarm clock toy is
Once upon a time, little Juno was in a big library. She was looking for a special book for her school project. The book she wanted was way up high on the top shelf. It was tucked in tight between other books. In a little school, a young student had a pile of colorful books. Oops! The books slipped from their hands and tumbled down to the floor with a loud thud. Juno plans to carefully pull out the securely fastened book. Juno thinks that the book on the top shelf is
Once upon a time, Ollie was at the park. It was time for his morning run. But first, he needed his favorite pink running shoes. They were waiting for him in his bag. In the middle of a sunny day, a little squirrel scampered quickly across the footpath. Ollie starts his jog. Ollie thinks that the running shoes is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Usha was busy with her old radio. She wanted it to play her most loved tunes. The radio's wire was just fine. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Usha continues to match the wires with the manual. Usha thinks that the wire in the radio is
Once upon a time, there was a brave sailor named Ed. He was on a big boat in the middle of the sea. Ed wanted to catch a big fish. The sea was very still and quiet. A friendly seagull found a cozy spot on a big ship and decided to rest its wings. Ed throws his fishing line into the sea. Ed thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Wendy had a big book filled with pictures. She found a shiny, big picture that she wanted to put in the very first spot of her book. This picture was big and it was new. With a quick leap, a kitty landed on the window ledge. She opened her mouth and let out a big, loud "meow!" Wendy starts to put the photo in the album. Wendy thinks that the photo is
Once upon a time, Ugo was by the river, all set for a jolly ride. He had a bright red raft that he wanted to ride. The raft was safely tied to a big tree. A chilly breeze danced between the trees. Ugo puts on his life jacket and prepares to untie the raft. Ugo thinks that the raft is
Once upon a time, in her colorful art room, Nora was all set to draw a fun picture. She had her favorite ink pen ready to use. The pen was filled up with lots of ink. In the colorful art room, a fluffy cat tiptoed in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Nora starts to draw with the ink pen. Nora thinks that the ink pen is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Andy was all set to zoom his toy car. He wished his car to be the quickest. The toy car was very speedy. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Andy's shoulder. Andy starts the race with his friends. Andy thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, little Rita was in the garden. She saw many flowers. But there was one she liked best. It was a tall, pretty red poppy. Rita wanted to pick it for her mom. In the bright sunshine, a pretty butterfly gently landed on little Rita's hand. Rita plans to carefully pick the poppy. Rita thinks that the poppy is
Once upon a time, little Ollie was having fun at his grandma's house. They were playing a game of hide and seek. Ollie had a special hiding spot in mind - the big, old safe in the basement. The safe was as empty as a bird's nest in winter. In the cozy, quiet basement, a little cat softly padded in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Ollie tries to climb into the safe. Ollie thinks that the safe is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, little Lisa was having fun with her toy cars. She had a grand idea! She wanted to tuck her toy cars into a big cereal box she had found. But oh no! The cereal box was shut tight with a twisty lid. In the sunny room, the window was wide open. Suddenly, a pretty butterfly fluttered in, its wings dancing in the light. Lisa plans to ask her mom to help her open the cereal box. Lisa thinks that the cereal box is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Rita was sitting under a tree. She had a book she wanted to read all the way to the end. The tree she sat under was very dry. A little toy ball, not very fancy, happily rolled close to a girl named Rita. Rita plans to stay under the tree and finish her book. Rita thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Tara was peeking into her closet. She was on a fun mission to find her most loved spicy perfume. The special perfume bottle was hiding somewhere in the closet. With a soft, playful leap, the fluffy kitty landed on the cozy bed. Tara starts looking for her perfume in the closet. Tara thinks that the perfume bottle is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a little girl named Gia. She was all set to make a big pile of leaves. She wanted to collect every single leaf in the garden. Her rake, standing tall and straight, was ready to help her. With a twitch of his fluffy tail, the little squirrel scampered up the tall tree. Gia starts gathering more leaves with the rake. Gia thinks that the rake is
Once upon a time, at a big, busy airport, there was a boy named Ben. He was waiting for his airplane ride. He had a special wish - he wanted to say hello to the pilot of his plane. The pilot was in the place where he flies the plane, called the cockpit. A little birdie found a big open door. With a quick flap of its wings, it zoomed right into the airport! Ben continues trying to reach the cockpit to meet the pilot. Ben thinks that the the pilot is
Once upon a time, Daisy and her friends were having fun at the park. Daisy had a big wish. She wanted to visit the zoo. There was a tiny bird in a cage, and it was not sleeping. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was running, his tail wagging fast. Daisy starts planning the trip to the zoo. Daisy thinks that the bird is
Once upon a time, Andy visited a place full of dogs, called a pet shelter. He wanted to bring home a little, not expensive dog. The dog he liked had soft fur. With a quick leap, a playful kitty landed on the kitchen counter. Oh no! She bumped into a tall pile of papers. Down they fluttered, like leaves in the wind. Andy starts filling out the adoption papers for the dog. Andy thinks that the dog's fur is
Once upon a time, little Daisy was sitting in the doctor's room. She was waiting for her turn. Daisy had a picture to show her mom. It was a special picture of her arm, which was broken. The picture was very bright and easy to see. With a big smile, the kind nurse carried a tray full of yummy cookies. Daisy continues to suggest her mom to take a picture of the x-ray. Daisy thinks that the x-ray is
Once upon a time, Polly was at a fun party at her friend's house. Polly's feet felt tired and she wanted to sit down. She saw a red chair in the corner. It was empty. Suddenly, the tune playing became a gentle, sleepy song. Polly walks towards the red chair to sit down. Polly thinks that the red chair is
Once upon a time, in a huge toy shop, there was a girl named Vera. She was looking for a special gift for her little brother. She found a shiny, new toy castle. The castle had a fresh, new smell. In the little toy shop, a tiny train began to chug-chug around all by itself. Vera plans to wrap the castle in a gift paper. Vera thinks that the toy castle is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara was looking up at the twinkling night sky. She was waiting to see a comet. The comet was zooming quickly across the sky. With a wagging tail and a happy bark, a playful doggie zoomed right by Zara. Zara tries to follow the fast moving comet with her eyes. Zara thinks that the comet is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Wendy was all set to play a fun game of soccer. She had a big dream - to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball she was playing with was not wet, it was dry. In the big, green field, a little squirrel was scampering quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Wendy gets ready to kick the ball into the goal. Wendy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a shop full of music, there was a boy named Xander. He was looking at a big, shiny piano. Xander wanted to take the piano home, but oh dear, it was very, very heavy! In the middle of a bright, sunny day, a fluffy little cat decided to take a stroll. With a swish of her tail, she found herself stepping into a shop filled with all sorts of musical things. Xander plans to ask for help to lift the piano. Xander thinks that the piano is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a room full of music. This is where Nala liked to play songs with her little band. One day, she thought of a fun new song to teach them. On the table, there was a bowl. It was filled to the top with yummy candies. In the room full of musical sounds, a curious kitty decided to explore. Nala plans to give the band sweet candies as a treat after the practice. Nala thinks that the candy bowl is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Rick and his friends were all set to play a game of football. Rick had a big dream - he wanted to kick the ball into the goal. The football, round and full of air, was ready for the fun game too. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Rick gets ready to kick the football and score a goal. Rick thinks that the football is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Yara. She had a big, empty jug for a fun game. She wanted to fill it up with water from the park's fountain. A little squirrel was seen running fast, right up a tree close by. Yara starts filling the jug with water. Yara thinks that the jug is
Once upon a time, in a big, hot desert full of brown sand, there was a little boy named Max. Max was on a special adventure to find a cool, refreshing oasis. He wanted to find this oasis so he could take a nice rest and sip some yummy water. In the warm, sandy desert, a friendly camel strolled by, swaying gently as it moved. Max continues to search for the oasis. Max thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Wendy was in her room. She was getting all set for her friend's birthday party. She had a special present for her friend, sitting on her bed. Wendy wanted to wrap it up nice and pretty. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Wendy plans to wrap the present on her bed. Wendy thinks that the present is
Once upon a time, Fred went to a fun party with his buddies. He was excited to sip his most loved fizzy drink. The drink can was chilly and silky. In the middle of the fun party, the happy music playing for all the little friends just stopped, just like that! Fred starts to drink his soda can. Fred thinks that the soda can is
Once upon a time, when the moon was high in the sky, little Dan was in his room. He was busy doing his homework. He wanted to finish it quickly so he could tuck himself into bed. His furry friend, Fluffy the cat, was not sleepy at all. Fluffy was having fun playing with a tiny ball made of paper. Suddenly, a big car went "Honk! Honk!" right outside the window. Dan plans to play with Fluffy once he finishes his homework. Dan thinks that the fluffy (the cat) is
Once upon a time, in her backyard, Molly was making a big snow igloo. She had a fun idea! She wanted to put a tiny light in the igloo to make it shine bright. But oh no, the light was not on. In the sunny backyard, a little squirrel scampered quickly, its fluffy tail bouncing behind. Molly plans to turn on the light once she finishes building the igloo. Molly thinks that the light is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Fred. He had a shiny, round ball. Fred was ready to play a fun game of baseball with his friend. He wanted to throw the ball to his friend. The ball was as smooth as a pebble. As Fred was playing, a pretty butterfly fluttered by him, its wings dancing in the sunlight. Fred starts to throw the ball to his friend. Fred thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Max. He was at the park, watching the birds. He wanted to look at them for a very long time. He sat on a nice, clean bench. In the sunny park, a little child began to shed tears. Max continues sitting on the bench to observe the birds. Max thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful playroom, little Ella was surrounded by her favorite toys. She had a big idea! She wanted to build a castle using her box of shape blocks. The box was already open, ready for her to start her fun project. A gentle wind playfully whisked a picture right off the wall. Ella continues to look for the right shapes to build her castle. Ella thinks that the box of shape blocks is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Xander was having fun with his shiny new marbles. He had a big idea! He wanted to lift his marble up high and watch it zoom down the slide. The slide was all clean and dry, ready for the marble's adventure. Far, far away, a sweet ice cream truck began to play a happy tune. Xander lets his marble roll down the slide. Xander thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, Xander was on a tall hill. He had a new kite. Xander wished his kite could fly up, up, up in the sky. The kite had a very long string. As Xander was playing, a pretty butterfly fluttered right by him. Xander starts running to get the kite to fly. Xander thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Wendy was in a big, green valley. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take pictures of the pretty sunset. Her camera was working just right. A soft wind began to play with the leaves on the trees, making them dance and whisper. Wendy starts adjusting her camera settings to capture the sunset. Wendy thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Otto was all set for a fun game. He was excited to run fast and win the race. The path was all clear and ready for him. A wealthy gentleman strolled into the park, wearing a big, beautiful hat. Otto starts running to prepare for the race. Otto thinks that the track is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a lady named Polly. She was looking at her pretty flowers. They were big and colorful. Polly wanted to take a snap of her flowers. The flowers were all open and bright. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a colorful flower. Polly plans to take a picture of the flowers. Polly thinks that the flowers is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Carl. He was on a boat in the big blue sea. Carl had a dream - he wanted to catch a big fish for his dinner. He held his straight fishing rod, ready for the big catch. In the bright blue sky, a friendly seagull swooped down, flying right over the little boat. Carl plans to throw some salt into the sea to attract more fish. Carl thinks that the fishing rod is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Ed. He had a colorful kite. Ed really wanted his kite to soar up, up, up in the sky. But right now, the kite was still on the ground. Ed watches as a fluttery piece of paper dances by him in the breeze. Ed plans to lift the kite high into the sky. Ed thinks that the kite is
Jake was at the park, excited to ride his big, strong motorcycle. He couldn't wait to show his friends all the fun tricks he could do. With a wagging tail, a happy doggie dashed into the big, green park. He was chasing his favorite bouncy ball, his little paws kicking up dust as he ran. Jake plans to start his motorcycle and show his friends his new tricks. Jake thinks that the motorcycle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Pete. He was in his room, getting all dressed up. It was a special day! His best friend was having a birthday party. Pete wanted to look his best. He had a shiny, clean comb to brush his hair. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Pete starts combing his hair to look nice. Pete thinks that the comb is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Vicky was watching some friends play a game of football. She really wanted to join them. The football was sitting right there on the ground, waiting to be kicked. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and tickled Vicky's shoulder with its soft wings. Vicky plans to pick up the football and start playing. Vicky thinks that the football is
In a room full of toys, little Bob was ready for a fun adventure. He had a special toy train on the floor. Bob was excited to use his train to tell a wonderful story. In the middle of playtime, a loud pop echoed in the room. It was the balloon, it had burst! Bob continues to tell his story with the train on the floor. Bob thinks that the toy train is
Once upon a time, Eli was in a big, tall building. He was waiting for the elevator because he wanted to see his old friend who lived all the way up on the top floor. The elevator was working just right. In the long, bright hallway, a happy little dog was scampering along, his tail wagging with joy. Eli enters the elevator to go to the top floor. Eli thinks that the elevator is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, there was a boy named Jack. He was busy feeding the clucking chickens. He had a big, full bag of yellow corn. Jack wanted to share all the corn with the chickens. A rich man zoomed past the farm in his shiny, big car. Jack plans to continue feeding the chickens with the corn from the bag. Jack thinks that the bag of corn is
Once upon a time, little Emma was in her room. She was busy with a fun puzzle. She hoped to complete it before it was time to eat dinner. The puzzle sat nicely on her table, not moving at all. In the cozy little house, Emma's mommy sweetly called out, "Emma, darling, it's time for yummy dinner!" Emma plans to return to her puzzle after finding her sweater. Emma thinks that the puzzle is
Once upon a time, in a happy park full of fun, Val was waiting to play a game of mini golf. Val had his eyes on a big prize, a yummy steak. The steak was kept safe inside a clear glass box. A little doggy, without a home, found his way into a big, colorful fun park. Val plans to keep playing until he wins the steak. Val thinks that the steak is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Wendy was having fun playing hide and seek with her buddies. Wendy's job was to find all her friends who were hiding. She spotted a big tree with a hole in its trunk. In the bright blue sky, a little bird was flying high. Suddenly, it let go of a small bandage it was carrying in its beak. Down, down, down it fluttered, all the way to the ground. Wendy plans to peek into the hollow of the tree. Wendy thinks that the tree hollow. is
Once upon a time, in a big toy store, there was a mom named Pam. She was looking for a special gift for her little boy. She saw a robot. It was switched on and ready to play. In a room filled with laughter and play, a little one's toy slipped from their tiny hands, tumbling down to the floor with a soft thud. Pam hurries to the counter to buy the robot. Pam thinks that the robot is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Xander was busy building a sand castle. He had a fun idea! He wanted to make a pirate ship next to his castle. The sand was nice and wet, perfect for shaping. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull came to visit Xander's little sand castle by the sea. Xander starts making the pirate ship. Xander thinks that the sand. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Una was sitting on a bench. She had a special job to do. She wanted to fix her old kite. The kite's string was not tight. A little squirrel was playing. With a quick wiggle of its tail, it ran up a big tree close by. Una plans to attach the new tail to the unstretched kite string. Una thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Kira was sitting at her desk. She had a big test tomorrow and she wanted to study. Her book was on her desk, but it was closed. A pretty leaf twirled down from the big tree by her window. Kira continues studying. Kira thinks that the novel is
Once upon a time, little Amy was at the park. She loved watching the birds. She had a big idea! She wanted to make a picture of the birds from her garden. But oh no! The rope in her garden was all mixed up. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy as he chased his favorite ball. Amy plans to draw the birds and the tangled rope. Amy thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Quinn was gazing at his big, big fridge. He wanted to grab a chilly drink from inside it. The fridge was neat and tidy, just like a toy box. In Quinn's room, the curtains danced and twirled as a big gust of wind blew them around. Quinn goes to the refrigerator to get a cold drink. Quinn thinks that the refrigerator is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Joe. He had a fluffy dog, Max. They loved to play together. One day, Joe had a bright green ball. It was new and shiny. Joe wanted to play a fun game of fetch with Max. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Joe throws the ball for Max to fetch. Joe thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in his little room, Xander was getting all dressed up for a fun party. He was very excited to put on his shiny new shoes. But oh no! His shoelaces were not tied up. In the room next door, a balloon went "POP!" with a loud, surprising sound. Xander plans to tie his shoelaces. Xander thinks that the shoelaces is
Once upon a time, at a sandy beach, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved watching the big, blue waves. One day, he saw a seal with skin as smooth as a pebble. Xander wished he could touch it. A noisy seagull was making a big squawk close by. Xander decides to push his fear aside and touch the seal's smooth skin. Xander thinks that the seal's skin is
Once upon a time, in a room full of art, Lola was ready to make a new painting. She wanted to use her new pastels to make a lovely picture. The pastels were all lined up in a tidy row. A playful breeze whooshed in from the open window. It made the papers dance and twirl in the air, just like butterflies. Lola starts to draw with her pastels. Lola thinks that the pastels is
Once upon a time, in a little boy named Sam's room, there was a fun toy castle. Sam had a toy king who needed his crown. The crown was all ready, not twisted at all. It was time to put it on the toy king's head. In Sam's room, the window was wide open. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, dancing in the sunlight. Sam plans to put the crown on his toy king's head. Sam thinks that the crown is
Once upon a time, in a cozy room, Ollie was sitting on his comfy bed. He had a special book he loved very much, called "The Secret Forest". But right now, the book was shut tight. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Ollie's cozy bed. Ollie starts reading the book from the beginning. Ollie thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a bright little room, Ugo was all set to do his homework. He had a special tube of blue paint that he loved very much. He wanted to use it to write his name. The tube of paint was standing tall on his desk, waiting for him. A playful breeze whooshed in from the open window, making the curtains jiggle and wiggle like they were having a fun dance party. Ugo starts to write his name with the blue paint. Ugo thinks that the tube of paint is
Once upon a time, Ollie was at a big ranch, looking after the horses. Ollie dreamed of being a cowboy all by himself. But oh no! The rope he used to tie the horses was all tangled up. In the warm sunshine, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down, landing right on the horse's soft, tickly nose. Ollie plans to tie the horse with the knotted rope. Ollie thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Nia was all set to make a pretty picture. She had a big blue crayon in her hand. She wanted to use it to draw a beautiful sky. With a gentle roll, a little toy car made its way into the room, ready for a new adventure. Nia starts drawing the sky with her blue crayon. Nia thinks that the blue crayon is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Rita found a big, bright red flower. She thought, "I must send a picture of this big flower to my friend!" A happy doggie zoomed by Rita, his tail wagging fast. He was after his bouncy ball, having so much fun! Rita starts to take a picture of the flower. Rita thinks that the flower is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big pear tree. Little Jack was there. He wanted to get a yummy pear for his mommy. But oh no! The pear was way up high in the tree. A playful doggie zoomed right by Jack, his eyes on a bouncing ball he was chasing. Jack continues to search for a long stick to reach the pear. Jack thinks that the pear is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Uma was watching a fun movie on her shiny computer. She was excited to share the story of the movie with her friend. The computer screen was glowing brightly. In the corner of the room, a friendly little spider was busy scurrying along, not bothering anyone at all. Uma continues to watch the movie and text her friend. Uma thinks that the computer screen is
Ina was in her room, all set to go to a fun party. She had new blue pants she wanted to wear. The pants were just right and they fit her just like a glove. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Ina plans to finish brushing her hair and put on the pants. Ina thinks that the pants is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a boy named Xander. He loved taking care of the horses. One sunny day, Xander decided to clean the horse's home, the stable. But oh no! The door to the stable was all twisty and funny. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Xander plans to call a carpenter to fix the door. Xander thinks that the stable door is
Once upon a time, little Kiki was in a magical toy store. She was searching for a special toy fork for her beloved doll. But oh no! The toy fork was way up high, on the very top shelf. In the middle of the busy store, a little child began to shed tears. Kiki thinks about asking a store worker to get the toy fork from the top shelf. Kiki thinks that the toy fork is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Queenie. She was in her cozy room, feeling sleepy. Queenie wished to rest her head on her fluffy pillow. The pillow was waiting for her on her comfy bed. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Queenie plans to lay down on the bed and take a nap. Queenie thinks that the pillow is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, Rita was busy gathering yummy fruits. She had a big plan! She wanted to turn these juicy fruits into delicious jam. Her fruit basket was tidy and full, all ready for her fun jam-making adventure. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Rita continues picking more fruits for the jam. Rita thinks that the fruit basket is
Once upon a time, Dana was at the beach. She was on a special mission to find a big, beautiful shell. But oh dear, the sand was just plain, with no shells to be seen anywhere. A friendly seagull gently touched down next to little Dana. Dana decides to shrug and continue her search elsewhere. Dana thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, at the big zoo, Xena was watching the funny penguins. She had a wish to snap a picture of a penguin whooshing down the icy slide. There was one penguin who was not sleepy at all, and was very busy playing. A man selling colorful balloons strolled past, his balloons bobbing in the air like happy clouds. Xena prepares to take a photo of the penguin sliding on ice. Xena thinks that the penguin is
Once upon a time, in a big park, little Poppy sat on a bench. She was looking for her toy box. It was hiding in the tall, green grass. In the bright, sunny park, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down. It landed right next to Poppy on the bench, making her giggle with delight. Poppy continues to search for her toy box in the grass. Poppy thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Sam was busy making a big, round sand castle. He wanted his castle to look just like a fun, twirly hurricane. In the bright, sunny sky above the sandy beach, a colorful kite danced and twirled, making the little ones giggle with joy. Sam starts adding more sand to make the sand castle bigger. Sam thinks that the sand castle is
Once upon a time, little Oliver was cozy at home. He was watching his most loved cartoon. He had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to make a picture of the cartoon's hero. His drawing paper was as white as snow, waiting for Oliver's colorful drawing. Suddenly, the telephone began to sing its jingling tune. Oliver starts sketching the main character of the cartoon. Oliver thinks that the drawing paper. is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Dan and his friends were there. Dan had a big job to do. He wanted to make the party special by filling lots of big balloons with gas from a big tank. With a big, red nose and shoes that squeaked, a funny clown came to join the party. Dan plans to blow up more balloons with the gas. Dan thinks that the gas tank is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a shiny, new red ball. Ollie's dream was to kick his ball right into the goal. His ball was as smooth as a pebble. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Ollie's shoulder. Ollie plans to kick the ball into the goal again. Ollie thinks that the red ball is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Anna. She went to the store to get some food. She wanted a yummy, ripe orange. But oh no! The oranges were in a box that was very high up. In the big, bright store, a little cat was having a fun adventure. With a swish of her fluffy tail, she dashed through the aisles, her tiny paws pitter-pattering on the shiny floor. Anna asks the store worker to help her reach the oranges. Anna thinks that the box of oranges is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Andy. He was sitting on a bench with a big pile of bricks. Andy had a fun idea - he wanted to build a very tall tower with his bricks. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Andy's shoulder. Andy starts building his tower with the bricks. Andy thinks that the pile of bricks is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, Kelly was all set to paint a beautiful picture. She had a brand new paintbrush in her hand. It was as dry as a bone, ready to be dipped into the vibrant colors of paint. In the sunny classroom, the window was wide open. Suddenly, a pretty butterfly fluttered in, dancing in the air. Kelly starts to open the paint pots to use the dry paintbrush. Kelly thinks that the paintbrush is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She was sitting on a bench. She had a book with her. It was a nice book with a smooth cover. Ina wanted to read her book. With a quick wiggle of his tiny tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Ina sits down on a bench to start reading her book. Ina thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Remy was having fun with his toy car. He had a special race track built just for it. The wheels of the toy car were as smooth as ice. In the room, a friendly little spider scurried in, not meaning any harm at all. Remy starts setting his toy car on the race track. Remy thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, little Rita was in her room. It was time to get ready for school. Rita had a pair of blue pants that she loved very much. These pants were hanging in her closet, waiting for her to wear them. With a soft pounce, Rita's fluffy cat landed on her cozy bed. Rita goes to her closet to get the pants. Rita thinks that the blue pants is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a fun baseball game. Little Val was there, dreaming of hitting a big home run. The baseball was waiting near the bat, ready for the game to start. In the big, sunny baseball field, a colorful kite danced high up in the sky. Val starts swinging the bat to hit the baseball. Val thinks that the baseball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Quinn. He was excited to play a fun game. He had a dream to be part of his friends' special club. They had a cool secret handshake that was as smooth as a slide. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Quinn goes to his friends to do the handshake. Quinn thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Carl was in his room, preparing for bedtime. He loved to cuddle up with his special glove, a gift from his dad. The glove was waiting for him, right there on his bed. Suddenly, a loud "beep beep" came from a car outside. Carl goes to bed, ready to cuddle his glove. Carl thinks that the glove is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Xander was having fun in the sand box. He had a big dream - to build a grand sand castle! His bucket was already filled to the top with soft, golden sand. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Xander's shoulder. Xander starts building his sand castle. Xander thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, little Nora was at the beach. She was having fun making a sand castle. After playing, she wanted to sit on her dry, white towel. A friendly seagull swoops down and lands next to little Nora. It's looking around, hoping to find some yummy food. Nora plans to sit on the dry towel after finishing her sand castle. Nora thinks that the white towel is
Once upon a time, in a bright classroom, little Nia was feeling a bit tired after her yummy lunch. But, she had a special job to do. She wanted to finish her beautiful drawing before the loud bell rang. She had a big, clean eraser ready to help her. The classroom door swung open with a whoosh! A playful breeze danced in, lifting papers from the desk and twirling them in the air. Nia continues her drawing, planning to use the eraser when needed. Nia thinks that the eraser is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ben. He was all set for a fun picnic. He had a lunch box with him, filled with yummy broccoli. But oh no! The lunch box was closed really tight. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a colorful flower. Ben plans to sit down and eat his broccoli. Ben thinks that the lunch box is
Once upon a time, in a big school library, Zara was learning for her math test. She wanted to talk to her math teacher, who was very good at math, about some things she didn't understand. The teacher had time to help her. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Zara goes to ask the tutor her questions. Zara thinks that the tutor's schedule is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Poppy was gazing at her pretty flowers. She was on a mission to find a tiny bug to show her buddies. The bed of flowers smelled so fresh and clean. In the bright, sunny garden, a little cat was having fun. With a quick wiggle of her tail, she dashed across the green grass, her soft paws barely making a sound. Poppy plans to go back to the garden with her jar to catch a bug. Poppy thinks that the flower bed is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olive was watching children play. She had a secret toy, a toy that was still like new. She wanted to share this special toy with her friend. With a twitch of his fluffy tail, the little squirrel scampered up the tall tree, his tiny paws moving quickly. Olive plans to give the toy to her friend. Olive thinks that the toy is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Queenie. She was at a place called the dock. She was waiting for something very special. It was her big red ship. Queenie wanted to go on a journey with this ship. The ship was big and it was ready to go. Queenie was excited to sail on her big red ship. A friendly seagull swoops down and gently lands next to Queenie on the sunny dock. Queenie walks towards the ship ready to start her journey. Queenie thinks that the the ship is
Once upon a time, Dino was at the pool, all set for his swim class. He was excited to jump into the water quickly. His clothes were in a neat pile next to the pool, not moving at all. In the bright sunshine, a playful dog was happily running around the sparkling blue pool. Dino plans to dry off and put on his clothes after the lesson. Dino thinks that the pile of clothes is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Carl was having fun with his beloved princess doll. He had a big dream - to build a grand castle for his princess using his colorful blocks. His block box was neat and tidy, all ready for the big build. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Carl starts to build the princess castle with the blocks. Carl thinks that the block box is
Once upon a time, in a small room, there was a boy named Sam. He was playing with his most loved toy, a colorful kite. Sam had a dream - he wanted to see his kite dancing in the sky at the park. But oh no! The kite's string was all twisted and knotted. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Sam thinks about asking his mom for help to untangle the string. Sam thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Dora was on a special mission. She was searching high and low for pine cones. You see, Dora had a lovely idea. She wanted to fill a box with these pine cones and send it to her dear grandma. Luckily, the tall pine tree in the forest was brimming with cones, just waiting for Dora to collect. Every day, a gentle deer would visit her favorite tree. She loved to munch on its yummy green leaves. Dora starts packing the cones she has picked up. Dora thinks that the pine tree is
Once upon a time, little Lina was in her daddy's big workshop. She wanted to make her bike all better. To fix her bike's tire, she needed a special tool. This tool was hiding in the toolbox. In the big, busy workshop, a little cat tiptoed in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Lina starts to fix her bike with the tool. Lina thinks that the tool is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Pete was all set for a fun picnic. He had a big, shiny grill that was already hot and ready. Pete had a plan - he was going to cook yummy hot dogs on the grill. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was having lots of fun. He was running super fast, his tail wagging wildly. He was chasing his favorite ball, bouncing and rolling away from him. Pete starts to get the hot dogs ready to cook on the grill. Pete thinks that the grill is
Once upon a time, in a quiet park, Rosie was all set to play a fun game of soccer. She needed just one more friend to join her team. Nearby, the swings were not moving at all. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was running, his tail wagging fast. Rosie goes to ask the new boy to join her team. Rosie thinks that the swing set is
Once upon a time, in a forest full of mushrooms, there was a little boy named Ollie. Ollie was on a special mission. He was looking for a big, yummy mushroom to have for his dinner. As Ollie was standing still, a little squirrel scampered right by him. Ollie plans to continue picking mushrooms in the same area. Ollie thinks that the forest is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He loved his garden very much. One sunny day, Sam decided to water his plants. His hose was all curled up, waiting to be used. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Sam plans to get up and water his plants with the hose. Sam thinks that the hose is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Sam was having fun with his most loved toy, a bouncy rubber band. He had a clever idea! He wanted to wrap the rubber band around his toy car to make it zoom around. But, the rubber band was still not stretched. Suddenly, the little toy phone began to make a ringing sound. Sam plans to stretch the rubber band around his toy car. Sam thinks that the rubber band is
Once upon a time, Vicky went to the doctor's house. She wanted to make sure her lungs were happy and healthy. The doctor took a special picture, an x-ray, of her lungs. The picture was clear, just like a sunny day. In the big, bright hospital, a kind nurse was carrying a tray full of shiny tools. Suddenly, oops! The tray slipped from her hands and all the tools went clatter-clatter on the floor outside the room where the doctor checks people. Vicky decides to stay calm and wait for the doctor's feedback. Vicky thinks that the x-ray of her lungs is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest by a sparkling river, there was a little girl named Zara. Zara was on a special adventure to find a secret bear. This bear was very good at hide and seek, always hiding in the tall trees. In the middle of her play, Zara watched as a little squirrel scampered by her. Zara continues to read her map to find the bear. Zara thinks that the the bear is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was playing with her fluffy dog, Max. It was lunchtime and Yara had a big bag of yummy dog food for Max. The bag was so full, it was ready to burst! In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Yara plans to pour out some dog food to feed Max. Yara thinks that the dog food bag is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Uma had a special treasure box. Inside this box, she had a shiny gold coin. It was as smooth as a pebble. Uma was excited to show her friends her special gold coin. In the middle of the room, a little toy car began to roll, its wheels spinning as it journeyed across the colorful carpet. Uma plans to put the gold coin back into the treasure box. Uma thinks that the gold coin is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Ina was busy. She was making a sand figure. She wanted it to be the biggest one ever! She had a big pile of sand to use. In the bright blue sky, a big, colorful hot air balloon was floating high above the sandy beach. Ina continues to build her sand figure. Ina thinks that the pile of sand is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ella was all set for a fun picnic. She had a yummy fruit salad to eat. Her bowl was filled to the brim with colorful fruits. In the sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a bright flower next to the little table. Ella plans to start eating her fruit salad. Ella thinks that the fruit bowl is
Once upon a time, little Finn went to a tiny temple. He saw a shiny, golden statue. Finn wanted to snap a picture of it. The statue was as bright as the sun. In the park, a tiny bird found a new friend. It was a statue! With a quick flutter of its wings, the bird landed gently on top. Finn prepares his camera to take a picture of the golden statue. Finn thinks that the statue is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Ella was looking at the swans. She saw many swans, but one was the biggest. This big swan was swimming in the pond, nice and slow. Ella wanted to make a picture of this big swan. A gentle wind came by, making the leaves dance and whisper. Ella starts to draw the swan swimming on the water. Ella thinks that the the biggest swan is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, Abby was preparing to plant something special. She had a potato she wanted to put in the ground. But oh dear, the ground was very hard! In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Abby starts to step on the hard ground to make it softer. Abby thinks that the ground is
Once upon a time, little Ella was in her garden. She was under a big apple tree. Ella wanted to pick a big, red apple for her snack. The very top apple on the tree was the reddest one. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Ella starts climbing the ladder to reach the apple. Ella thinks that the apple at the top of the tree is
Once upon a time, little Ben was at a big, busy mall. He was on a special mission. It was his mom's birthday soon and he wanted to find a shiny necklace for her. There was a sparkly jewelry store that was open. In the heart of the bustling mall, a funny clown began to put on a show. Ben decides to buy the necklace he likes the most. Ben thinks that the jewelry store is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, Harry was watching a fun game of cricket. He wished he could play too. There were ten players on the cricket team. In the big, green park, a playful dog was having fun. He was running fast, his tail wagging with joy. He was chasing a pretty butterfly, fluttering its colorful wings. Harry decides to continue watching the game. Harry thinks that the cricket team is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Yara was all set for her nap. She longed to rest her head on her fluffy pillow. And where was this pillow? Right there, waiting for her on the bed. In the middle of her playtime, Yara heard a sound. It was her phone, singing its little tune. Yara jumps onto the bed ready for her nap. Yara thinks that the pillow is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was in his room, getting all set for school. Today was a special day, it was show and tell! Ben wanted to take his most loved book. His room was neat and clean, with all his books sitting nicely on the shelf. In the bright world outside the window, a little bird was singing a loud, happy song. Ben starts looking for his favorite book. Ben thinks that the room is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a little girl named Penny. Penny loved to help with the farm jobs. One day, she decided to feed the cows. She had a big bucket, and it was filled to the top with yummy corn. In the big, sunny field, a friendly farmer was riding his noisy tractor, making the wheels go round and round. Penny plans to feed the cows with the corn from the bucket. Penny thinks that the bucket of corn is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Yara was all set for a fun race. She really wanted to be the winner. The prize was a bright, shiny red ribbon. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Yara starts running to win the race. Yara thinks that the red ribbon is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was excited to go see her friend. But first, she had to clean her very messy room. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, right through the bedroom window that was wide open. Lily plans to quickly tidy up and then leave to visit her friend. Lily thinks that the bedroom is
Once upon a time, in a big, dark cave, there was a little girl named Nia. She was looking for a bat. She wanted to draw a picture of it for her art class. The bat was sleeping, hanging on the cave wall. In a big, dark cave, a tiny drop of water slipped from the top and fell down, down, down. Nia starts to draw the sleeping bat. Nia thinks that the bat is
Once upon a time, little Clara was in her room. She was working hard, getting ready for a big quiz. Clara really wanted to do a good job on her quiz. On her desk, a candle was shining brightly. The wind started to whoosh outside, making Clara's room curtains dance and twirl. Clara continues reading her books, happy with the light from the candle. Clara thinks that the candle is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. He was on a big boat in the middle of the sea. Fred wanted to stop his boat to catch some fish. He had a shiny anchor that sparkled brightly under the sun. In the bright blue sky, a friendly seagull swooped and soared, gliding right over a little bobbing boat. Fred starts to drop the anchor into the sea. Fred thinks that the anchor is
Ina was having fun in her garden with her pet snake. She had a special snake that she wanted to show her best friend. The snake was safe in its cage. In the sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a bright, blooming flower. Ina plans to take the snake out of its cage to show her friend. Ina thinks that the snake is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Wanda was sitting under a big oak tree. She saw a big acorn on the ground, right next to her. Wanda thought it would be fun to send a picture of the big acorn to her friend. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Wanda's little hand. Wanda starts to take a photo of the acorn. Wanda thinks that the acorn is
Once upon a time, Ina was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was there to learn for a big quiz. Ina wanted to learn a lot so she could do really good on her quiz. She had a big book to help her learn, and it had all its pages. In the big book room, the lights danced like twinkling stars. Ina continues to study from her book. Ina thinks that the study book is
Once upon a time, in a neat little room, Mabel was all set for playtime. She had her dolls and a tidy dollhouse ready. The dollhouse was just as neat as her room. Mabel was excited to play with her dolls in their perfect little home. In the little kitchen, a yummy pie sat on the windowsill. It was cooling down and making the whole room smell so sweet. Mabel starts setting up a tea party in the dollhouse. Mabel thinks that the dollhouse is
Once upon a time, little Ben was in the bathroom, all set for bedtime. He reached for his clean toothbrush, ready to make his teeth sparkle before he hopped into bed. In the little bathroom, the lights were playing a fun game of blink-blink. Ben starts brushing his teeth. Ben thinks that the toothbrush is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Yara was watching a big, exciting parade. She saw a band marching by, their drum booming loudly. Yara wished she could march along with them, right in the middle of the parade. A yucky smell from a close-by rubbish bin floated over the fun parade. Yara starts to march along with the band. Yara thinks that the drum is
Once upon a time, Ina was in her bakery, getting ready for a fun day. She wanted to make some yummy bread. The dough she had was cold and very hard. In the sweet-smelling bakery, a friendly customer strolled in. Ina starts kneading the cold, hard dough. Ina thinks that the dough is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Yara was watching her playful dog. She had a fun idea to teach her dog a new trick. Her dog's toy was as smooth as a pebble. Far away, a little balloon went "pop!" with a tiny, surprising sound. Yara starts teaching her dog a new trick using the toy. Yara thinks that the dog's toy is
Once upon a time, little Vicky was in her room. She was getting ready for a big trip! She had a big, empty bag and a fun toy horn. Vicky really wanted to put her toy horn in the bag. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Vicky starts trying to fit the toy horn into the bag. Vicky thinks that the bag is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Carl. He was in his garden, looking at his big water pump. Carl wanted to drink cool water from the well. The water pump was doing its job well. In the sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a bright, blooming flower. Carl goes to fetch a glass to drink water. Carl thinks that the water pump is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Harry. He was at the zoo, watching the penguins. One big penguin was near the pool. Harry loved to see the big penguin swim. It was a fun way for Harry to spend his time. Suddenly, a big roar echoed from the home of the big, fluffy lion. Harry continues taking photos of the penguin at the edge of the pool. Harry thinks that the big penguin is
Ina was in her house, getting all set for a fun party. She wanted to make all her plates and cups shiny and clean before her friends arrived. The door of the dish washing machine was tightly closed. In the sunny garden, right outside the kitchen window, a little squirrel was seen scampering around. Ina plans to start the dishwasher. Ina thinks that the dishwasher door is
Once upon a time, there was a fun party for Ella's birthday. She was excited to eat her big cherry cake. The cake was very big and hard. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Ella's shoulder. Ella plans to cut the cake and serve it to her friends. Ella thinks that the cherry birthday cake is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He was at a fun party, showing off his new pink tie to his friends. His tie was tied up nice and neat. Suddenly, the happy tunes that were filling the room went quiet. Sam continues to serve drinks to his friends. Sam thinks that the tie is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Poppy. She was sitting on a bright yellow bench, happily reading her favorite book. The bench was very strong and didn't wobble at all. Poppy loved to read her book under the warm sun. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Poppy continues to read her book on the bench. Poppy thinks that the the bench is
Once upon a time, Ina and her friends were having a fun day at the ranch. There, they saw a cute little baby horse. The baby horse was very calm. Ina really wanted to give the baby horse a gentle pat. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Ina extends her hand to touch the baby horse. Ina thinks that the baby horse is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a boy named Max. He was sitting on a bench, thinking about a pretty poem he wanted to write. He had a piece of smooth paper ready for his words. In a sunny park, a bunch of giggling children began to kick a soccer ball near a big, wooden bench. Max starts to write his poem. Max thinks that the paper is
Once upon a time, Ula was in her garden. She was looking for special leaves for her tea. She wanted to find a lot of mint. The mint plant was very big and had many leaves. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on the green mint plant. Ula starts picking the mint leaves for her tea. Ula thinks that the mint plant is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ben was having a fun picnic with his friends. He had a yummy sandwich in a box. It looked so fresh! Ben wanted to share his tasty sandwich with all his friends. Suddenly, a big gust of wind came whooshing by. It caught the kite and up, up, up it went, flying away into the bright blue sky. Ben plans to open the sandwich box and share the sandwich with his friends. Ben thinks that the sandwich in the box is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a bright yellow kite that he loved very much. Xander's dream was to make his kite fly high, high up in the sky. The string of the kite was very long and very strong. Suddenly, a big whoosh of wind came. It made the leaves on the trees shake and whisper loudly. Xander plans to continue flying his kite. Xander thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Yara was having fun with her jump rope. She had a big wish in her heart - to do a super-duper jump rope trick! But for now, her jump rope was quiet and still. The big, yellow sun peeked through the window, filling the room with its warm, happy light. Yara starts swinging the rope to do her trick. Yara thinks that the jump rope is
Once upon a time, little Ira was at the park. She had a brand new kite. She wished to make it fly way up high. The kite had a very long string. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Ira. Ira starts to run with the kite to make it fly. Ira thinks that the kite's cord is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little girl named Bess. She was sitting on a bench, holding her new kite. But oh no! The string of the kite was all tangled up in a knot. Bess had a big plan to make her kite fly high in the sky. Suddenly, a playful doggy zoomed by Bess, his eyes fixed on a bouncing ball he was chasing. Bess plans to untie the knot herself. Bess thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, Rita was in a bustling cafe, waiting for her yummy coffee. She had a plan to sip her coffee and read her favorite book. The coffee was warm and had a lovely smell. In the little cafe, a timid puppy tiptoed in, his tail tucked between his legs. Rita starts to drink her coffee. Rita thinks that the coffee is
Once upon a time, in a park full of happy sounds, little Grace was having fun on the swings. She had a big wish - to leap off the swing when it was up, up, up in the sky. The park was filled with the giggles of other kids and the woofs of playful dogs. In the big, sunny park, a little kitty was having fun running all around. Grace continues to play on the swing, waiting for the perfect moment to jump. Grace thinks that the the park is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was at his house, getting all set for school. Ben had a shiny, strong key that he wanted to put in his bag. He didn't want to lose it. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding-dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Ben puts the key in his bag. Ben thinks that the key is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a man named Fred. He was ready to do his morning exercises. Fred liked to move and stretch his body along with the beat of jazz music. Under his feet, the grass was dry. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was having lots of fun. He was running very fast, his tail wagging in the wind. He was chasing his favorite toy, a bright, bouncy ball. Fred continues his exercises on the same spot. Fred thinks that the grass is
Once upon a time, little Violet was busy painting a pretty picture in her room. She felt hungry and remembered the yummy apple in her lunch bag. The apple was waiting for her in the bag. In a quiet moment, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down to rest on the window sill. Violet plans to reach into her bag and get the apple. Violet thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She was sitting on a bench. She wanted to make a picture of a big, gray rock. The rock was very smooth. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Ina starts to draw the smooth rock. Ina thinks that the rock is
Once upon a time, in a big red barn, lived a kind man named Sam. He was looking after his old horse. Sam decided to give his horse some new, crunchy hay to munch on. The hay was dry and made a fun, crunchy sound. With a soft, gentle purr, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into the big, red barn. Sam begins to hang the dry hay in the horse's stall. Sam thinks that the hay is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Toby was there. He loved to watch the birds as they flew high in the sky. Toby had a special wish. He wanted to play his violin, a violin with a string that was just as it was when it was made, for the birds to hear. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Toby starts playing a song for the birds. Toby thinks that the violin string is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ollie was ready to play ball with his buddies. He had a big dream - to kick the round ball right into the goal. In the middle of a big, green field, a little birdie found a resting spot on top of the goal post. Ollie starts planning how to kick the ball into the goal. Ollie thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in a big library. She was searching for a special book about dinosaurs. She found one, but oh dear, it was very hard to open because it was so tight! In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Zara tries to open the tight book carefully not to damage it. Zara thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Zara was enjoying a picnic. She had a special friend with her, her pet lizard named Leo. Leo was having a little nap under a shady tree. Zara was hoping to play with Leo, but he was still fast asleep. In the middle of her picnic, Zara watched with wide eyes as a pretty butterfly gently landed right on her sandwich. Zara plans to wake Leo up gently after she finishes her sandwich. Zara thinks that the leo (the lizard) is
Once upon a time, little Jake was in the bright green field near his house. He was on a special mission to find a big bug. He wanted to show this bug to his friends. Suddenly, he saw a bug. It was not sleeping, it was wide awake! In the big, green meadow, a little bunny was hopping happily. Jake plans to carefully pick up the bug. Jake thinks that the the bug is
Once upon a time, Xander was at a big, gray place called a stadium. He was waiting for a fun soccer game to begin. Xander was excited to see the game with his friends. The door to the stadium was wide open. Suddenly, tiny drops of water began to fall from the sky, making a soft pitter-patter sound. It was raining! Xander plans to go back to his seat and wait for the game to start. Xander thinks that the stadium gate is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Amy was having fun with her dog. They were playing a game of fetch with an old ball. The ball was a bit stinky, but they didn't mind. They were just happy to be playing together. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Amy's shoulder. Amy throws the ball for her dog to fetch. Amy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, Lucy was at the beach. She was looking for a big shell to put with her other shells. But, oh dear! The beach was only filled with tiny shells. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently touched down on the sandy beach. Lucy continues to look for large shells among the small ones. Lucy thinks that the beach is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party in the park. Little Zara had a special job. She was going to make the picnic table look pretty. There was a bucket full of cold ice too. A little squirrel scampered up a tree close by, his bushy tail flicking with excitement. Zara plans to put the ice bucket on the picnic table. Zara thinks that the ice bucket is
Once upon a time, in a big school lab, there was a little girl named Usha. She was all set for her fun science class. Usha had a special tool, a microscope, to look at teeny tiny things. The microscope had a shiny, smooth lens. The big, happy school bell chimed, telling all the little kids it was time for yummy lunch. Usha decides to look at the chubby ant under the microscope. Usha thinks that the microscope lens is
Once upon a time, in a magical forest, Vicky was searching for her pet snake. She missed her snake very much and wanted to bring it back home. The last time anyone saw the snake, it was up in a tree. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly danced in the air, tickling Vicky's nose as it flew past her. Vicky plans to climb the tree to get the snake. Vicky thinks that the snake is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Carla. She had a round, bouncy soccer ball. Carla wanted to play! She wanted to kick her ball right into the goal. But, oh! The ball was not moving, it was very still. In the park, a little squirrel scampered quickly up a tall tree. Carla plans to kick the ball into the goal. Carla thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Grace was playing with her friends. She had a new kite, bright and colorful, tucked safely in her bag. Grace couldn't wait to see it dance in the sky. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Grace. Grace starts to take the kite out of her bag. Grace thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Hana was getting ready for a special time - the holiday season! She wanted her room to sparkle and shine with holiday cheer. She had a box full of decorations, all neat and tidy, waiting in its usual place. With a little hop, a fluffy squirrel landed on the window sill, its tiny paws making a soft tap. Hana starts to decorate her room with the organized decorations. Hana thinks that the box of decorations is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a girl named Gina. Every day, Gina liked to run. Today, she wanted to run around the round house in the park. The round house was very big and round like a circle. Gina giggles as a skinny kitty tiptoes by her. Gina starts her jog around the round shelter. Gina thinks that the shelter is
Ina was at the park. She sat under a big tree. She had her favorite newspaper. It was big and had lots of pages. Ina wanted to read it. Ina was sitting quietly under a big tree. Suddenly, a little squirrel scampered up the tree trunk, its bushy tail flicking behind it. Ina plans to start reading the newspaper from the first page. Ina thinks that the newspaper is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ella was having fun with her friends. Ella had a big dream - she wanted to kick a ball right into the goal! The ball was in a good place, far away from the tall trees. In the sunny garden, a little grape tumbled down from its tree home. Ella starts running to kick the ball. Ella thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Anna was playing with her friends. She was excited to share a funny new joke she had learned. Nearby, a mosquito was buzzing around, looking strong and healthy. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was running, his tail wagging fast. Anna continues telling the joke to her friends. Anna thinks that the mosquito is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Zara. She had a lovely dog, Max. Zara and Max loved to play a game called fetch. Zara had a rope for this game, and it was not in a knot. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently landed right on Max's little nose. Zara plans to throw the rope for Max to fetch. Zara thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, Pete was on a big stage. He was going to be in a play. Pete hoped to make everyone clap and be happy. He had a shiny sword for the play. In the middle of a big, bright stage, a fluffy little cat was taking a stroll. Pete starts to walk on stage with the sword. Pete thinks that the sword is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Hana was gazing at her apple tree. She wished to nibble on a sweet apple from her very own tree. But oh dear, the apple on the tree was still green. In the sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a bright, blooming flower. Hana decides to wait for the apple to ripen. Hana thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Tanya was busy making a big, beautiful rainbow. She was excited to use her brand new, shiny crayons. But oh no! The box of crayons was still shut tight. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Tanya starts to open the crayon box. Tanya thinks that the crayon box is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Fiona stood by the ice cream stand. She wanted a big, yummy ice cream. The stand was filled with all sorts of ice creams. Suddenly, a little doggie saw a fluffy squirrel. With a big woof-woof, he started to bark loudly, trying to say hello to the squirrel. Fiona decides to buy a big, sweet ice cream from the stand. Fiona thinks that the ice cream stand is
Once upon a time, little Zara and her family were having a fun day at the beach. Zara was excited to swim in the gentle sea. In the bright blue sky, a friendly seagull swooped and soared right over Zara's head. Zara starts running towards the sea to swim. Zara thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite that he loved very much. Gabe wished to see his kite soar up, up, up in the bright blue sky. But right now, the kite was just lying on the ground. In a bright garden, Gabe was watching when a pretty purple butterfly gently landed on a nearby flower. Gabe plans to pick up his kite and throw it into the air. Gabe thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Lily and her friends were having fun playing a game of football. Lily's turn came to kick the ball. The ball was as smooth as a pebble. She wanted to kick it right into the goal. In the park, a loud ambulance zoomed by, its siren going "wee-woo, wee-woo". Lily plans to continue the game with the smooth ball. Lily thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Jill was sitting on a big bench. She wanted to make her old dog, Max, feel good with a nice massage. Max had a round ball to play with. In the park, Jill was sitting on a bench when a pretty butterfly fluttered down and settled right next to her. Jill starts giving Max a massage. Jill thinks that the max's ball is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, Vicky was admiring a beautiful curtain. She had a little wish in her heart - to take a picture of this lovely curtain. The curtain was as clean as a new white cloud in the sky. Suddenly, a loud "beep beep" sound came from a car outside. Vicky starts to take a picture of the curtain. Vicky thinks that the curtain is
Once upon a time, on a sunny Wednesday, little Grace was in her room. She was getting ready for school. Today was special because it was her teacher's birthday. Grace had a wonderful idea. She wanted to give her teacher a special gift. She had a box full of bright, colorful pencils. She thought her teacher would love it. In the quiet room, the tick-tock of Grace's alarm clock suddenly turned into a loud ring-a-ding. Grace plans to wrap the box of pencils in a pretty paper. Grace thinks that the gift box is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Andy. He was standing near a very big hill. Andy had a big wish. He wanted to go all the way up to the top of the hill. The sun was up in the sky, shining very brightly. Andy giggles as a little squirrel dashes by, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Andy continues to climb, taking breaks to drink sweet water from his bottle. Andy thinks that the sun is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Farah. She was at the beach, looking at the quiet sea. Farah had a little boat she wanted to sail. The sea was very calm, just perfect for her little boat. A friendly seagull gently touched down on the sandy beach, right next to where little Farah was playing. Farah puts her little boat in the water to sail. Farah thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Jane saw lots of happy dogs playing. Jane really wanted to pet a little, nice dog. The dog's leash was lying on the grass. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Jane. Jane reaches out to pet the dog. Jane thinks that the dog's leash is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Carl was all set for a fun picnic. He had a yummy little sandwich with meat, tucked safely in his lunch bag. He couldn't wait to eat it! In the big green tree, a little squirrel was playing. Suddenly, a friendly dog saw the squirrel and began to bark, wanting to play too. Carl plans to eat his sandwich. Carl thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Wendy was having fun playing a game on her computer. She really liked to be the best at the game and see her name at the top of the score list. The computer screen was shining brightly. With a soft, playful leap, the fluffy kitty landed on the cozy bed. Wendy continues to play her game, trying to get the highest score. Wendy thinks that the computer screen is
Once upon a time, Daisy was at the park. She was sitting on a bench. Daisy had a fun game of chess to finish on her phone. Her phone battery was all full up. Suddenly, a playful doggy zooms by her, having a fun game of tag with a fluffy squirrel. Daisy plans to continue her game of chess. Daisy thinks that the phone battery is
Once upon a time, Tina was in her house. She had a letter to send. Inside the letter was a ticket for her friend. The mailbox outside was wide open, ready for Tina's letter. A playful puppy was dashing along the footpath, his tail wagging happily. Tina plans to mail the ticket. Tina thinks that the mailbox is
Once upon a time, Alice was in the deep, dark basement. She was on a mission to find a light bulb. You see, the light in her room was broken and she wanted to fix it. She found the box where the light bulbs were kept, but oh no! The box was already open. In the quiet basement, a little mouse scurried quickly across the floor. Alice goes back to the bulb box to take a bulb. Alice thinks that the bulb box is
Once upon a time, Toby was having fun in the park with his buddies. They decided to play a game of hide and seek. Toby had spotted the best place to hide - an old wooden box that was shut tight. In the big green park, a playful doggie was having fun. He saw a little squirrel and off he went, running and wagging his tail, trying to catch his new furry friend. Toby plans to hide inside the chest. Toby thinks that the old wooden chest. is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Uma. She was sitting by a pond, filled with baby lotus flowers, waiting for them to open up. Uma loved to see the lotus flowers bloom. A playful doggie dashed into the big, green park. He wagged his tail and began to bark, filling the air with his happy sounds. Uma plans to come back tomorrow to watch the lotus flowers bloom. Uma thinks that the pond is
In her backyard, Rosa was having fun with her jump rope. She wanted to do a special trick, a double under jump. But oh no! Her jump rope was all mixed up. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Rosa plans to spend some time untangling the jump rope. Rosa thinks that the jump rope is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Carl was sitting under a huge tree. He had a book with him that he wanted to read all the way to the end. Beside him, there was an empty ashtray. While Carl was busy reading his favorite book, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and landed right on the page. Carl continues reading his book. Carl thinks that the ashtray is
Once upon a time, Yara was up in the attic, tidying up old stuff. She found an old mirror that was very dusty and not shiny at all. Yara decided she wanted to make the old mirror sparkle and shine again. A silly little squirrel found a tiny hole and tiptoed into the big attic. Yara starts polishing the mirror. Yara thinks that the old mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He was sitting on a bench, holding his bright red kite. But oh no! The string of the kite was all knotted up. Gabe really wanted to see his kite fly high in the sky. A little squirrel scampered quickly up a tree close by, its tiny paws moving fast. Gabe plans to untie the knot in the kite's string. Gabe thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Inka was there with her special kite. She wished to make her kite dance way up high in the sky. But oh no! The kite's string was all tied up in knots. In the park, a loud boom like a big drum surprised everyone. It was just thunder saying hello! Inka continues to try and untie the knot in the kite string. Inka thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, little Inna was peeking at her big star map. She was excited to share stories about the big, wide universe with her friends. The star map was all spread out, ready for her to explore. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Inna's cozy bed. Inna starts preparing her speech about the universe. Inna thinks that the star map is
Once upon a time, Yara was on a little boat in a big swamp. She was on a special mission to find a rare bird. She wanted to take a picture of this bird. The boat was not moving, it was very still. In the middle of a sparkling pond, a little green frog hopped happily from one floating lily pad to another. Yara continues to look for rare birds with her binoculars. Yara thinks that the boat is
Once upon a time, Kiki was at the sandy beach. She was looking at the gentle waves. She wished to see a happy dolphin leap from the water. The sea was peaceful and still. A friendly seagull swoops down and gently lands on the sandy beach, right next to little Kiki. Kiki stays where she is, hoping to see a dolphin. Kiki thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a boy named Sam. He was standing near a game booth. Sam wanted to win a big, shiny prize for his friend. The prize was as shiny as a star and as wide as a big pumpkin. Right there, a funny clown began to toss balls up in the air, one after the other. He was juggling, making everyone giggle and clap. Sam throws another ring to win the prize. Sam thinks that the prize is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Jim. He was at the park, sitting on a little bench. Jim had his favorite treat with him - a yummy, cold strawberry yogurt. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Jim opens the yogurt to eat it. Jim thinks that the yogurt is
Once upon a time, Grace was having a fun sleepover at her friend's big house. The next morning, she wanted to make yummy toast for breakfast. There was a new, shiny toaster in the kitchen. With a quick, playful leap, Kitty landed right on the kitchen counter. Grace starts to put bread in the toaster to make toast. Grace thinks that the toaster is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was having fun on the swings. She was trying to swing as high as the sky! She had her favorite purple shoes on her tiny feet. In the bright, sunny playground, a little squirrel scampered quickly, its tiny paws pitter-pattering on the ground. Yara continues to swing higher and higher. Yara thinks that the purple shoes is
Once upon a time, little Kira was at the zoo. She was standing near the cage of a big, sleepy lion. The lion was having a nap in the corner of his cage. Kira wanted to snap a picture of the big, sleepy lion. A bunch of happy school kids were giggling and calling out as they raced towards the big lion's home. Kira gets ready to take a picture of the sleeping lion. Kira thinks that the lion is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little girl named Vicky. She had a math test waiting for her on her desk. Vicky really wanted to do a good job on her test. In the middle of their playtime, the little ones spotted a chubby kitty strolling by their classroom window. Vicky starts writing her name on the test. Vicky thinks that the test is
Once upon a time, in a room full of colors and brushes, little Kiki was all set to paint a beautiful picture. She had a special cap for painting. It was as light as a feather. In the colorful art room, a fluffy cat tiptoed in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Kiki starts to put on her cap to start painting. Kiki thinks that the cap is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Vera saw a very big cross. She wanted to say a prayer there. The cross smelled just like new wood. Suddenly, a little squirrel scampered past, its bushy tail bouncing behind it. Vera continues her prayer at the cross. Vera thinks that the cross is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Vicky was ready to make a wish. She had a shiny coin in her hand, ready to toss it into the sparkling fountain water. The coin was very heavy. A man selling balloons strolled by, his hands full of bright, beautiful balloons bobbing in the air. Vicky plans to make her wish and release the coin into the fountain. Vicky thinks that the coin is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, Vicky was preparing for bedtime. She loved to sip a warm cup of tea before she drifted off to dreamland. The box of tea was tucked away safely in the cupboard. A playful breeze danced into her room, making her curtains flutter and twirl. Vicky plans to make a cup of hot tea. Vicky thinks that the tea box is
Once upon a time, in a peaceful park, there was a little boy named Sam. He was playing near a very quiet tunnel. Sam had a fun idea - he wanted to hear his own voice bounce back from the tunnel, just like an echo. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was seen scampering quickly. Sam starts shouting into the tunnel to hear his echo. Sam thinks that the tunnel is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, Zara was looking at her pumpkins. She wanted to find a big, round pumpkin to make a yummy pie. There was a pumpkin that was just right - big and round like a ball! In the garden, a gentle wind was playing, making the flowers dance. Zara plans to pick the pumpkin and bring it inside to make pie. Zara thinks that the pumpkin is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Andy. He had a big cart full of fun toys. Andy was excited to play with his friends using the toys from his cart. The wheels on the cart were nice and tight. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Andy's shoulder. Andy starts unloading the toys from the cart. Andy thinks that the cart is
Once upon a time, Lina was at school. She had a math test coming up and she really wanted to do a good job. The test paper was thin and it crinkled like a leaf. The big, loud bell at school goes "ding-ding-ding!" Lina starts to write her answers on the exam paper. Lina thinks that the exam paper is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Hank. He had a special toy, a little monster. Hank was excited to show his friends something amazing. His toy monster could do flips! But right now, the little monster was not flipped over. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his tiny paws making soft sounds on the grass. Hank plans to use his hand to flip the toy monster. Hank thinks that the toy monster is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, there was a little girl named Sara. She was trying to make a pretty painting. She had a strong easel to hold her canvas just right. Miss Lily, the kind art teacher, happily said it was time for a little rest. Sara continues to paint, trying to get it right. Sara thinks that the easel is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Zane was busy. He was making a sand castle, a really big one! The sand was just right for building. It was a bit rough, but that's what made it perfect for his castle. In the soft, warm dirt near Zane's big, tall castle, a playful dog found a hidden bone. With a wagging tail, he dug it up, happy as can be. Zane starts decorating his castle with the shells he found. Zane thinks that the sand castle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park with an old wishing well, there was a boy named Xander. He had a big bag full of shiny gold coins. Xander wanted to toss a coin into the well and make a special wish. The bag was so heavy, full of all those gold coins! At the gate of the big green park, a friendly dog began to make loud, excited barks. Xander starts to throw a coin into the wishing well. Xander thinks that the bag of gold coins is
Once upon a time, in a big park, little Quin was having fun with his toy truck. He was near a huge sand hill, just like a mini mountain. Quin had a fun idea - he wanted his toy truck to zoom down the hill! The wheels of his truck were stuck on really tight. A little birdie flew down from the sky and gently landed on the sandy mine. Quin plans to send his truck down the hill. Quin thinks that the toy truck is
Once upon a time, little Nia was at the park. She was sitting on a bench, holding a long, fresh piece of bread. Nia had a kind heart and she wanted to share her bread with the birds. Suddenly, a little balloon nearby went "Pop!" with a loud noise. It was a child's balloon that had burst. Nia breaks off a piece of the long bread to give to the birds. Nia thinks that the bread is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Vicky. She had a pretty kite. Vicky wished to see her kite fly way up high in the sky. The kite was very quiet, it didn't make any noise at all. In the middle of her picnic, Vicky watched with wide eyes as a pretty butterfly gently landed on her yummy butter sandwich. Vicky starts running to let her kite fly high. Vicky thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, Faye was at a fun party. She had on a pretty dress. Faye wished to dance until bedtime. Her dress was tied up tight. A much-loved tune began to fill the air. Faye continues to dance. Faye thinks that the dress is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the park. She sat on a bench, holding a hard gift box. She had a big surprise for her friend. It was a special gift, just for them! In the park, a chilly wind began to play. Zara plans to call her friend over to the bench to give the gift. Zara thinks that the gift box is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a happy girl named Wanda. She had a fun idea. She wanted to play with a big ball, but not just any ball. It was a big ball made of dough! With a quick wiggle of his tiny tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tree right next to us. Wanda continues to bounce the big dough ball. Wanda thinks that the dough ball is
Once upon a time, in a forest filled with footprints of reindeer, there was a boy named Xander. Xander had a special wish. He wanted to snap a picture of a wild reindeer. In the park, a little squirrel quickly ran by Xander, its tiny paws making soft sounds on the ground. Xander continues to follow the tracks. Xander thinks that the reindeer tracks is
Once upon a time, Daisy was at the place she loved to eat the most. She was excited for a yummy treat. She was going to have a big scoop of orange ice cream. The ice cream was hard and chilly. In the middle of their yummy dinner at the restaurant, a band began to make lovely music. The sweet sounds filled the air, making everyone's meal even more fun. Daisy plans to finish her main course quickly to eat the ice cream while it's still cold. Daisy thinks that the ice cream is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Wendy was playing with her friends. She had a big bag full of yummy treats. Wendy decided she wanted to share her treats with all her friends. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Wendy plans to open the bag and share the treats with her friends. Wendy thinks that the bag of treats is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art room, Xena was getting ready for her art class. She had a neat box of pastels that she wanted to use for her drawing. The pastels were all tidy and in their right places. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Xena starts her drawing with the pastels. Xena thinks that the box of pastels is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Grace. She was in her room, looking at her new, big math book. Grace really wanted to do well on her math test. Suddenly, a little squirrel scampers across the window sill. Grace giggles as she watches, forgetting what she was doing. Grace plans to continue studying for her math test. Grace thinks that the math book is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Ollie had a pretty, shiny necklace to give to his friend, Sally. At the fun party, a silly clown began to twist and turn balloons. Soon, they started to look like all sorts of animals! Ollie plans to stay at the party and give the necklace to Sally. Ollie thinks that the necklace is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Fred. He had a special kite that he loved to fly. The string of the kite was pulled all the way out, nice and tight. Fred wanted to show his friends how to make a kite fly high in the sky. In the bright blue sky, a big, colorful hot air balloon floated by, high above our heads. Fred continues to explain to his friends how to fly a kite. Fred thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, Jane was getting all dressed up for her friend's fun party. She wanted to look as shiny as a sunflower. Her mirror, stuck tight on the wall, was ready to show her how pretty she looked. In Jane's cozy room, her little phone began to sing its ring-ring song. Jane starts applying her makeup in front of the mirror. Jane thinks that the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a large, fun park, there was a little girl named Daisy. Daisy had a brand new kite she was excited to fly. The day was perfect for it, with the wind blowing just right. In the big, green park, a silly, playful dog was running all around, wagging its tail happily. Daisy keeps trying to get her kite to fly. Daisy thinks that the weather is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Ina. She was at her dance class, getting ready for a big show. Ina wanted to do a perfect bow when her dance was over. She had a pretty bow tied on her dress. With a twinkle in her eye, the dance teacher called out, "Time for a little rest, my dancing stars!" Ina continues practicing her dance steps. Ina thinks that the bow is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Uma was sitting on her soft bed. She had a new book she wanted to read. It was all about doctors and it had a bright blue cover. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Uma's cozy bed. Uma starts reading the doctor book. Uma thinks that the doctor book is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Yara was enjoying her most loved song. She liked it so much, she wanted to hear it over and over again. Her music player, full of energy, was ready to play her favorite tune as many times as she wished. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Yara's cozy bed. Yara repeats her favorite song. Yara thinks that the music player is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Jane was sitting under a big tree. She had a yummy avocado with her. The avocado was just right and ready to eat. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Jane's shoulder. Jane plans to eat the avocado. Jane thinks that the avocado is
Once upon a time, in a big school, little Emma was waiting. She was excited for her art class to begin. Emma had a special plan. She wanted to draw a big, beautiful picture of her fluffy pet cat. In her hand, she held a sharp pencil, ready to start her masterpiece. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the classroom, coming from the window that was wide open. Emma starts drawing the picture of her cat. Emma thinks that the pencil is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella was having fun with her toy car. She wished for her toy car to zoom around quickly. But, oh dear! The toy car was just sitting there, not moving at all. In Ella's room, the radio began to play a song. It was a happy song, full of cheer and joy. Ella plans to push the toy car to make it move. Ella thinks that the toy car is
Rose was at a fun campsite, sitting near a warm fire. She wanted to share a spooky tale with her buddies. The fire was big and bright. In the twinkling night sky, a star shot across, like a tiny firefly. Rose continues telling her scary story, happy that the fire is providing a spooky atmosphere. Rose thinks that the fire is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ben. He had a brand new kite that he was very excited to show his friends. The kite had a long string that was not twisted or knotted. A little birdie flew down from the sky and found a tree to rest on. Ben prepares to launch the kite into the air. Ben thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, little Lucy was in a big library. She had a big test to study for. Lucy wanted to read her book under a bright bubble lamp. The bubble lamp was very bright. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Lucy continues to study under the bright bubble lamp. Lucy thinks that the bubble lamp is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Harry. He had a shiny, black toy car that he loved very much. One sunny day, Harry took his car to the park. He saw the big slide, all shiny and clean. Harry thought, "What a great place for a race!" So, he decided to race his car down the big slide. In the middle of playtime, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down, landing right on Harry's favorite toy car. Harry gets ready to race his car down the slide. Harry thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Xiao. He was sitting at his little desk, working hard to learn for a big quiz. Xiao thought a special book from the internet could help him. The book was there, waiting for him on the website. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Xiao's big desk. Xiao plans to order the book and have it delivered to his house. Xiao thinks that the the book is
Once upon a time, there was a party where Gina was. She felt all alone and wanted to find a quiet spot to take a little nap. There was a guest room with a light mattress just perfect for her. Suddenly, the happy tunes at the fun party went quiet. Gina plans to go into the guest room and lie down on the mattress. Gina thinks that the mattress is
Once upon a time, in a quiet forest, there was a boy named Quinn. He was excited to make his camping spot. Quinn had a tent to put up. The ground was nice and flat, and very clean. In the middle of the big, green forest, a strange noise could be heard. Quinn continues to set up the tent. Quinn thinks that the ground is
Once upon a time, Ugo was at a big, beautiful church. He had a very important job to do. He was going to let the doves fly for a wedding! Ugo looked at the cage where the doves were. It was very, very clean. Just perfect for the doves! The big bells in the tall church began to make their loud, happy sounds. Ugo opens the cage to release the doves. Ugo thinks that the the cage is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun zoo, there was a man named Ken. He was excited to show the visitors the bouncy kangaroos. Ken was ready to take everyone to see the kangaroos in their safe, strong pen. The gate to the kangaroo's home was very sturdy. Suddenly, a bright, chatty parrot swooped down and perched itself on Ken's shoulder, making him giggle. Ken continues to lead the visitors to the kangaroo pen. Ken thinks that the gate to the kangaroo pen is
Once upon a time, Quin was at the park. He saw a fun little race happening. Quin really wanted to be the winner of the race. He had a yummy, sweet apple in his bag. Suddenly, a friendly dog popped up. He wagged his tail and barked happily at the racing friends. Quin plans to eat the apple after the race for a quick energy boost. Quin thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, Pete was at a big music show. He was very excited to see his most loved music player. The stage was all clear and quiet, with no one on it yet. Suddenly, a bright, twinkly light lit up the whole stage. Pete continues to talk about the poster with his friend. Pete thinks that the stage is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Mary was having fun with her most loved toy monster. She had a big idea - she wanted to take her toy monster to school to show her friends. The toy monster was as clean as a whistle. Suddenly, a pretty butterfly fluttered into the room, its wings dancing in the air. Mary puts the toy monster in her school bag. Mary thinks that the toy monster is
Once upon a time, on a sunny Sunday, little Kira was at church. She was excited because a new pastor was coming. Kira had made a special cross all by herself to give to him. She had a big can full of paint to make it pretty. In the middle of the town, the big church bell began to sing its loud, happy song. Kira starts painting the cross. Kira thinks that the paint can is
Once upon a time, Tanya was at the zoo. She saw many wild animals. She wanted to snap a picture of the big, brave lion. Her camera lens was shiny and clean. In the bright, sunny zoo, the friendly zookeeper began to feed all the hungry animals. Tanya tries to take a picture of the lion. Tanya thinks that the camera lens is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Uma was all set to make a sandcastle. She had her empty, dry bucket ready to fill up with sand. The bucket was as dry as a bone. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently landed right next to little Uma. Uma starts filling her bucket with sand. Uma thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Gabe was having fun with his little toy hero. He wished his toy hero could travel all over the sandbox. But oh no! The toy hero was lying on its back, not ready for the adventure. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Gabe starts to push his toy hero to make it move across the sandbox. Gabe thinks that the toy hero is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a girl named Ira. She had a little red wagon. One day, her wagon needed fixing. She thought of a board from the park shed. But oh no! The park shed was closed. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Ira decides to go home because she can't get a board. Ira thinks that the park shed is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, little Ivy was sitting under a tall tree. She had a yummy, shiny apple in her lunch box. She wanted to munch on the ripe apple. The apple was as smooth as a pebble and as shiny as a star. In a quiet moment, a pretty butterfly gently settled down on little Ivy's shoulder. Ivy plans to take a bite of the apple. Ivy thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, at a big, noisy music show, there was a little girl named Hana. She had a camera with a full battery. Hana wanted to snap a picture of the musician she liked the most. Suddenly, a fresh group of musicians began to make music on the big stage. Hana prepares to take a picture of her favorite musician. Hana thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Billy. He was standing near a rack full of bikes. Billy had a special bike that he loved to ride. The pedal of Billy's bike was as shiny and clean as a new penny. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was busy running here and there. Billy hops on his bike to start riding. Billy thinks that the bike pedal is
Once upon a time, in a big park, little Elsie was having fun near an old fountain. She had a wish in her heart to find a shiny diamond in the fountain. The water in the fountain was as clear as glass. In the sunny park, a playful dog saw a tiny squirrel. With a wag of his tail, he began to bark, his woofs echoing through the trees. Elsie plans to run her hand through the water to find the diamond. Elsie thinks that the fountain water is
Once upon a time, in a room full of music, Yara was all set to play her drums. She had a big job to do. She needed to make a new beat for her band's song. Her drumsticks were just right, not too weak, not too strong. In the room full of musical sounds, a little kitty walked in, her tail swishing to the rhythm. Yara starts to play the new rhythm with the drumsticks. Yara thinks that the drumsticks is
Once upon a time, in a pretty garden, Gia was watching her flowers. She was waiting for a special flower to open up. This flower was shaped like a cross. But right now, it was just a tiny, tight bud. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Gia plans to water the flower bud. Gia thinks that the flower bud is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, little Lucy was having fun on the swings. But soon, the air turned chilly. Lucy knew it was time to go home. She remembered her warm jacket was tucked safely in her bag. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Lucy decides to put on her jacket and go home. Lucy thinks that the jacket is
Once upon a time, in a very big room, Queenie was getting ready to tell a story. She needed her special notes that were in her bag. Her bag was sitting on the chair right next to her. A sneaky little kitty tiptoed into the big room when the door was left open. Queenie plans to grab her notes from the bag. Queenie thinks that the bag is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Kira was busy making a big sand castle. She had a fun idea to add a sand skull to her castle. Her bucket, full of soft sand, was ready to help her shape it. As Kira was playing, a friendly seagull soared high in the sky above her. With a gentle flutter, it let go of a soft feather that floated down, landing right near Kira. Kira starts shaping the sand skull using the sand from the bucket. Kira thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, Paul was at a park. He had a yummy ice cream and a shiny spoon to eat it with. The spoon was very clean. In a faraway place, a little balloon belonging to a child suddenly went "pop!" Paul starts eating his ice cream with his spoon. Paul thinks that the spoon is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Toby was having fun with his bright red kite. He wished to see his kite soar way up high in the sky. But oh no! The string of the kite was all tangled up in knots. A kind doctor was strolling along, heading to the big hospital. Toby continues to try and untie the knot in the kite string. Toby thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ivy was peering at her big, blank calendar. She was ready to fill it up with plans for the exciting week ahead. The whole week was like an empty canvas, waiting for Ivy to paint her plans on it. In Ivy's little world, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on her window. Ivy starts to fill her week with fun activities. Ivy thinks that the week is
Once upon a time, Dora was in her room. She was getting ready for a big quiz. She really wanted to get all the answers right. Her book was open, all the way to the last page. With a soft pounce, Kitty landed on the window sill. Her jump made a little sound. Dora starts to review the material on the last page. Dora thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, little Elsie was in a big, dusty attic. She was searching for her old toys. She wanted to share them with a friend who was coming to play. There was a large toy box in the attic. In the top room of the house, a fluffy black kitty hopped up onto the ledge of the window. Elsie plans to go back to the attic to get the toys. Elsie thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, Abby was at the beach. She was making a big sandcastle. Abby wanted to find a silly shell to put on her castle. The sea was very quiet. High up in the sky, a friendly seagull was flying. Suddenly, a soft feather floated down from its wings. Abby continues to look for a funny-looking shell. Abby thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Polly was busy making a big, beautiful picture. She had a sack full of colorful strings to help her. Polly was going to use these strings to make her picture extra special and creative. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Polly plans to use the strings to add color to her drawing. Polly thinks that the sack of colored strings is
Once upon a time, little Jack was having fun at the beach, making shapes in the dry sand. He had a big wish in his heart - to find some shiny gold hidden in the sand. A fluffy doggie zooms by Jack, making the sand fly up. Jack continues to part the sand, hoping to find gold. Jack thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ron was having a fun picnic. He had a big, fancy sandwich to eat. It was full of different yummy vegetables. The sandwich was green, just like the lettuce inside it. A little squirrel scampered by, right next to Ron's colorful picnic blanket. Ron starts eating his sandwich. Ron thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, Tina was gazing at her most loved ashtray. She wanted to think about the special day she got it. The ashtray was shiny and clean. With a soft pounce, Kitty landed on the window sill, her tail swishing happily. Tina admires the ashtray. Tina thinks that the ashtray is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a special ball that was not only fun to play with, but also smelled very sweet. Xander's biggest wish was to make the ball bounce all the way up to the sky. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Xander continues to bounce the ball. Xander thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Ben was having fun with his special robot toy. This toy wasn't just any toy, it could move and seemed almost alive! Ben had a big heart and decided he wanted to share his joy. He planned to give his lively robot toy to his very best friend as a special present. Suddenly, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into Ben's bright, colorful room. Ben finishes wrapping the robot toy in the gift box. Ben thinks that the robot toy is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ben. He had a shiny new ball. Ben's big dream was to kick the ball right into the goal. The ball was waiting on the soft, green grass. A yucky smell was coming from a trash bin close by. Ben prepares to shoot the ball into the goal. Ben thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ethan. He was having fun on the big jungle gym. Ethan had a big wish - he wanted to reach the very top! The bars of the jungle gym were very smooth. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel was scampering quickly. Ethan starts climbing the smooth bars. Ethan thinks that the metal bars is
Once upon a time, Daisy was in her room. She was looking at her smooth wall. Daisy had a new painting. She wanted to put it on her wall. In Daisy's cozy room, her little radio began to play. It was her most loved song, filling the room with its cheerful tune. Daisy plans to get a hammer and nail to hang the painting. Daisy thinks that the wall is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. He was at a park, sitting under a big, nice-smelling tree. Fred had a book with him. He wanted to read his book under the big tree. Suddenly, a little squirrel scampered right across the path where Fred was walking. Fred continues reading his book under the tree. Fred thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little girl named Dora. She loved watching the birds. Dora had a special wish - she wanted to see a red bird. There was a bird feeder in the park, and it was filled with yummy seeds for the birds. In the big, green park, a playful dog was having fun. He was running around and around, trying to catch his own wagging tail. Dora continues to wait for the red bird. Dora thinks that the bird feeder is
In his quiet room, Xander was learning for a big quiz. He wished for some coffee to keep his eyes open. But, the jar with the coffee was closed tight. With a soft pounce, a kitty hopped right up onto Xander's table where he liked to draw and read. Xander thinks about asking his brother to help him open the jar. Xander thinks that the coffee jar is
Once upon a time, in a bright and busy lab, little Nia was making a big, noisy science project. She was excited to show her teacher. When her project worked, it made a loud sound. Suddenly, a little frog hopped right into the room through a window that was left open. Nia plans to take her project to her teacher. Nia thinks that the science project is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Jenny was all set to dance. She was excited to move and twirl to the tunes of her most loved music. The music player was already playing. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Jenny starts her creative dance routine. Jenny thinks that the music player is
Once upon a time, in his little room, Ollie was busy. He was making a pretty card for his mom and dad's special day. Their wedding day comes back every year! He had a big paper on his desk, just right for his big idea. In the bright morning light, a little squirrel scampered quickly across the window sill, its tiny paws making soft tapping sounds. Ollie starts to design the card on the paper. Ollie thinks that the big piece of paper is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Wanda. She had a playful dog named Spot. Wanda had a dry dog toy in her hand. She wanted to play a fun game of fetch with Spot. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Wanda throws the dog toy for Spot to fetch. Wanda thinks that the dog toy is
Once upon a time, Patty was at the park. She saw a show with lots of pretty, colorful kites. Patty had a kite too! Her kite string was not twisted, it was ready to fly. In a colorful corner, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. Soon, they started to look like all sorts of animals! Patty starts to fly her kite. Patty thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Carl. Carl was excited to get a big ice cream from the ice cream man. The ice cream man had a big, loud voice. With a wagging tail, a happy doggie zoomed by Carl, his eyes fixed on a bouncing ball. Carl walks up to the vendor to order his ice cream. Carl thinks that the vendor's voice is
Once upon a time, little Lucy was in her room. It was time for bed. She wanted to wear her cozy bathrobe. Her bathrobe was on a hook, right behind the door. In the room, the lights began to dance, just like twinkling stars. Lucy walks towards the hook to take her bathrobe. Lucy thinks that the bathrobe is
Once upon a time, Ugo was at the beach. He was searching for crabs. He wanted to find a big crab to eat for dinner. But the crab was shy and was hiding in the sand. A friendly seagull swooped down and gently landed on the sandy beach, right next to Ugo. Ugo continues to look for other crabs. Ugo thinks that the crab is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, little Zara was watching her most loved show on the big TV. She had a big plan - she wanted to see all the episodes before bedtime. The TV was working just right, showing her favorite show without any problem. With a soft pounce, Kitty landed on the window sill, her tail swishing happily. Zara plans to continue watching her show after her walk. Zara thinks that the television is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Sam. He was having fun on a light seesaw, all by himself. He was waiting for his friend to come and play with him on the seesaw, but his friend hadn't arrived yet. In the far away sky, a big boom of thunder made a loud noise. Sam continues to wait for his friend. Sam thinks that the seesaw is
Once upon a time, in a big park, little Ben was having fun with his sand castle. He made it tall and straight. He wanted his mommy to see it before anything happened to it. So, he kept a close watch on his castle, making sure it stayed safe and sound. In the big, beautiful castle, a pretty butterfly gently landed. Ben plans to leave the castle as it is until his mom comes. Ben thinks that the sand castle is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little girl named Grace. She was sitting on a bright yellow bench. Grace had a big idea! She wanted to invite her friend to play at the park. So, she picked up the telephone, which was working just right, to call her friend. In the sunny park, a playful dog began to chase the quacking ducks, his tail wagging with joy. Grace dials her friend's number on the telephone. Grace thinks that the telephone is
Once upon a time, Vicky was at the park. She sat on a bench. She had a new book to read. The book was not heavy, it was light. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on Vicky's little thumb. Vicky plans to continue reading her book. Vicky thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Mabel was getting ready for bed. She was excited because she planned to wake up early the next day to play with her friends. Her alarm clock was all set and working perfectly. In her cozy little bed, a cat with a cheeky grin was sitting. She looked like she had just done something naughty. Mabel plans to set the alarm clock for the morning. Mabel thinks that the alarm clock is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a girl named Rita. She had a fluffy dog, Max. They loved to play a game called fetch. They used an old, round ball for their fun game. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Rita throws the round ball for Max to fetch. Rita thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Alice and her dog Rufus were ready for a fun day. Alice hoped Rufus would be the fastest in the dog race. Rufus had a tail that was as straight as a stick. In a sunny corner of the park, a sweet little girl with twinkling eyes gently stroked Rufus, the fluffy dog. Alice continues teaching Rufus tricks for the race. Alice thinks that the rufus's tail is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Tara. She had a new puppy who was very lively and awake. Tara was excited to show her puppy to her best friend. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was seen scampering quickly. Tara starts walking towards her friend to introduce the puppy. Tara thinks that the puppy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art studio, there was a girl named Pia. She had a big, shiny box of new paints. Pia wanted to make a very special painting. It was going to be a birthday gift for her mom. In the big, bright studio, the window was wide open. Suddenly, a pretty butterfly fluttered in, its wings dancing in the sunlight. Pia starts to open the package to use the paints. Pia thinks that the package of paints is
Once upon a time, Alice was in her colorful art room. She had a big idea! She wanted to make a big, beautiful picture on a big, clean wall. The wall was as smooth as a pancake. In the middle of a big, bright studio, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Alice starts sketching her mural design on the wall. Alice thinks that the wall is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Wanda was having fun with her toy box. She decided it was time to tidy up and put all her toys back in the box. But oh! The toy box was already empty. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Wanda starts putting her toys in the toy box. Wanda thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, Tina and her little sister were having fun at the park. Tina saw her sister's big, red kite. It was shiny and looked like new. Tina thought it would be fun to fly the kite. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Tina. Tina asks her sister if she can borrow the kite. Tina thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Uma was all set to play a fun game of chess. She really hoped to win! The chess board was ready and steady, waiting for the game to start. In the park, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree, its bushy tail flicking happily behind. Uma dares to make a risky move to win the game. Uma thinks that the chess board is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Olly was having fun with his red toy iron. He was pretending to smooth out the wrinkles on his toy clothes. His toy iron was as red as a shiny apple. Suddenly, a big, loud sound echoed from the garden. Olly continues to play pretend with his red toy iron. Olly thinks that the toy iron is
Once upon a time, Lily was at a fun jazz concert in the big park. She really wanted to dance to the happy jazz music. Her shoes were red and very shiny. A man selling colorful balloons strolled past, his balloons bobbing in the air like happy clouds. Lily starts dancing to the jazz music. Lily thinks that the red shoes is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Ava. She was very excited to play games. Ava had her eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear. To win it, she had to play the ring toss game. The game had a shiny, smooth bottle. Ava had to throw a ring right over it. In a colorful corner, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. Soon, they started to look like all sorts of animals! Ava gets ready to toss the ring on the bottle. Ava thinks that the bottle is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Vera. She was at her school, sitting nicely in her class. Vera was excited to learn her new math lesson. She had her book wide open on her desk, ready to start. With a soft plop, the little paper ball found its new home in the bin right beside her tiny desk. Vera starts reading her math lesson. Vera thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a boy named Sam. He was busy picking yummy fruits for his breakfast. He had a big plan - he wanted to make a colorful fruit salad! His basket was already full of juicy fruits. In the sunny garden, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Sam starts cutting the fruits to make the salad. Sam thinks that the fruit basket is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a man named Pete. He had a pretty white bench. Pete wished to sit on his bench and read a fun book. The bench was as white as snow and very tidy. In the sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a bright, blooming flower. Pete goes to sit on the bench with his book. Pete thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, Xander was at the park. He was sitting on a bench. His favorite bench was next to a pretty bed of flowers. The bench was clean and smelled good. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Xander walks over to his favorite seat to sit down. Xander thinks that the favorite seat is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, Wendy was preparing for school. She had long, straight hair that she wanted to twist into a fun bun. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Wendy's cozy bed. Wendy starts twisting her hair into a bun. Wendy thinks that the hair is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat under a big tree. She had a job to do for her art class. She wanted to make a picture of a peace sign. She had a marker that smelled very good. Ina was giggling with joy when a pretty butterfly gently landed on her shoulder. Ina continues to draw the symbol of peace. Ina thinks that the marker is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Paul. He had a yummy ice cream in his hand. It was a hot day, perfect for eating ice cream. The ice cream was very, very sweet. Suddenly, a speedy dog dashed right by Paul, making him giggle with surprise. Paul starts to lick his sweet ice cream. Paul thinks that the ice cream is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Betty. She was playing near a giggling stream. Betty had a fun idea! She wanted to make a bridge over the stream using her colorful toy blocks. She worked hard and guess what? She made a strong bridge that didn't wobble at all! In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently landed on Betty's little shoulder. Betty plans to cross the bridge with her toy doll. Betty thinks that the bridge is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Abby was sitting on a very smooth bench. She wanted to talk to her friend on the phone. She thought it would be fun to have a little chat. As Abby sat quietly on her little bench, a tiny squirrel scampered by, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Abby continues her call sitting on the bench. Abby thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, little Kiki was at the zoo. She was having fun looking at all the different animals. Her favorite was the kangaroo. She really wanted to see it jump. The kangaroo's gate was wide open. A yummy, spicy smell tickled their noses from the food stall just over there. Kiki starts moving closer to see the kangaroo jump. Kiki thinks that the kangaroo's gate is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Harry. He was watching a fun soccer game. Harry wished he could play too. The soccer ball was round like a big balloon and it bounced high in the sky. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Harry's shoulder. Harry gets ready to join the game as a player. Harry thinks that the soccer ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Yara was watching some children play. They were having so much fun with a very strong ball. Yara wanted to join them and play too. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Yara stands up to join the game. Yara thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a little room, there was a boy named Jack. He had a new jacket that he wanted to make special. He had a shiny silver zipper that he wanted to put on his jacket. The zipper was waiting for him in his sewing box. In the room, a yummy cookie smell floated in from the oven. Jack plans to pick up the zipper and start sewing it onto the jacket. Jack thinks that the zipper is
Once upon a time, Hannah was at the park. She was excited to run and play. She was waiting for her friend, who was a lawyer, to come to the park too. The park was very neat and tidy. In the middle of her playtime, Hannah watched with wide eyes as a little squirrel scampered by her. Hannah continues to jog on the grass. Hannah thinks that the the park is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Ruby. She was at a big, fun fair. Ruby saw a big Ferris wheel. She wanted to ride it and see the fair from up high. The Ferris wheel was ready to go. Suddenly, a funny clown with a big red nose began to juggle colorful balls right next to us. Ruby gets in line to ride the Ferris wheel. Ruby thinks that the ferris wheel is
Once upon a time, during a sunny summer, little Ben was at his Auntie's house. He had a big bag full of his things. He wanted to take everything out and make the room his own. His favorite toy car was still tucked away in the bag. With a soft, gentle purr, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into the room. Ben plans to unpack his bag after finishing his apple. Ben thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Ursa was looking at the birds. She had a special book to draw in. She saw a bird with feathers as blue as the sky. Ursa wanted to draw this bird in her book. A playful doggy zoomed right by Ursa, his eyes on a bouncing ball he was chasing. Ursa continues to draw the bird with bright blue feathers. Ursa thinks that the bird is
Once upon a time, in a colorful art studio, Zack was busy. He was painting a picture of his wife. He wanted the picture to look just like her. But, oh dear, the painting wasn't done yet. In the middle of a big, bright studio, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Zack continues painting to finish the portrait of his wife. Zack thinks that the painting is
Once upon a time, Sam was at a big, busy airport. He was waiting for his airplane to come. Sam needed a new suitcase. His old suitcase wasn't very strong anymore. It was just a little bit strong. In the big, busy airport, the loud speaker made a sound. "The airplane needs a little more time to get ready," it said. "We have to wait a bit longer before we can fly up, up, up into the sky." Sam continues to insist on a lower price. Sam thinks that the suitcase is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Usha was sitting on a bench. She wanted to hear the music from the man playing his guitar nearby. The man's guitar case was very heavy. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly fluttered by, just missing Usha's little nose. Usha starts clapping to the rhythm of the music. Usha thinks that the guitar case is
Once upon a time, Abby was in her room. She was trying to put a pretty painting on her wall. Abby wanted her room to look nice and pretty. But oh no! The nail in the wall was all twisty and turny. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Abby's cozy bed. Abby plans to twist the nail straight with her hammer. Abby thinks that the nail is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Ella was all set for a fun day. She was excited to play in the big maze. The maze stood tall and straight, waiting for Ella to start her adventure. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was having lots of fun. He was running very fast, his tail wagging wildly. He was chasing his favorite toy, a bright, bouncy ball. Ella starts running to the entrance of the maze. Ella thinks that the maze is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Zara. She was getting ready for a big adventure. But oh no! Zara's shoes were untied. She wanted to tie them up nice and tight, so they wouldn't come loose during her journey. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered in, his bushy tail bouncing behind him. Zara plans to tie her shoelaces. Zara thinks that the shoelaces is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a girl named Zara. She was standing near the tall, green corn plants. Zara wanted to pick some yummy corn for her dinner. The corn was all grown up and ready to be picked. In the sunny field, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a tall corn stalk, waving in the breeze. Zara begins to pick the ripe corn. Zara thinks that the corn is
Once upon a time, as the stars began to twinkle, Wanda was in the bathroom. It was time for bed, but first, she needed to brush her teeth. She picked up her big tube of toothpaste, ready to make her teeth sparkle before she drifted off to dreamland. In the bathroom, a little spider was busy climbing up the wall. Wanda starts to brush her teeth. Wanda thinks that the toothpaste tube is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ravi. He was at a store full of fun animals. Ravi wanted a parrot. The parrot was big and well. In the middle of the busy store, a little dog began to bark with all his might. His loud woofs echoed around, making everyone turn their heads to see where the noise was coming from. Ravi starts to choose a cage for his new parrot. Ravi thinks that the parrot is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Will was having fun with his special toy king. He decided to play a game where the brave king saves the day. The king's shiny crown was always on his head. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Will starts the game where the king saves the day. Will thinks that the king's crown is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Fred was having fun with his toy dinosaur. He was excited to show his best buddy, Tom, his special dinosaur. But oh dear, the dinosaur's tail was all tangled up in a knot! In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and sat on Fred's shoulder. Fred goes to show the dinosaur to Tom. Fred thinks that the toy dinosaur's tail is
Once upon a time, Yara was in the big garage. She was all set to make her car shiny and clean. She wanted to wear her special apron so her clothes wouldn't get dirty. The apron was hanging on a little hook, all ready for her. With a soft, gentle step, a little kitty tiptoed into the big, roomy garage. Yara plans to wear the apron as it is. Yara thinks that the apron is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Amy sat under a big tree. She was reading her favorite book, hoping to finish it that day. Above her, in the tree, was a bee hive, strong and sturdy. A playful doggie zoomed by little Amy, his tail wagging fast. He was after his bouncy ball, his favorite toy! Amy continues reading her book. Amy thinks that the bee hive is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Polly was strumming her guitar. She was learning a lovely song to play for her mommy. Her guitar sounded just right. A yucky stink was coming from the kitchen. Polly starts playing the sweet song on her guitar. Polly thinks that the guitar is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Toby was busy. He had a big piece of paper and a box full of colorful crayons. Toby was making a pretty cartoon picture, a special gift just for his mom. In a quiet moment, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down to rest on the window sill. Toby continues to sketch his cartoon. Toby thinks that the crayon box is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little girl named Ruby. Ruby had a shiny, new green rope. She was excited and ready to play. She wanted to skip and jump with her rope. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Ruby starts skipping with her rope. Ruby thinks that the skipping rope is
Once upon a time, Yara was at a fun party. She was dancing and laughing with her friends. She wanted to dance like a pretty princess. She wore a shiny necklace around her neck. The DJ, with a big smile, turned the music knob. Now, a soft and slow song filled the room. Yara continues dancing, feeling graceful. Yara thinks that the necklace is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was at a place where they keep lots of cars. He wanted to get a car that didn't cost a lot of money. He saw a car that was bright and looked like it had never been used before. In the big car lot, a playful dog was having a fun time running all around. Fred starts to negotiate the price for the shiny and new car. Fred thinks that the automobile is
Once upon a time, little Kim was at the zoo. She saw a big, clean rhinoceros. Kim thought, "I want to draw a picture of this rhinoceros!" So, she did. In the middle of Kim's drawing time, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down onto her colorful sketchbook. Kim continues to draw a clean rhinoceros. Kim thinks that the rhinoceros is
Once upon a time, Wendy started working at a bustling eatery. She wished to keep the place sparkling clean. The large kitchen light was shining brightly. In a bright, bustling restaurant, a hungry customer asked for a very big meal. Wendy continues cleaning the restaurant. Wendy thinks that the big light. is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her garden, taking care of her plants. She had a big cactus that she wanted to move to a spot with more sunshine. But, the cactus was stuck in the ground, it didn't want to move! In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a colorful flower. Yara plans to dig around the cactus to loosen it from the ground. Yara thinks that the cactus is
Once upon a time, in a big library, there was a little girl named Cindy. She had a school project and needed to print a pretty, colorful picture. Luckily, the printer was full of paper, ready to help Cindy with her project. In the quiet library, a bunch of kids began to chat in big, noisy voices. Cindy goes to the printer to print her image. Cindy thinks that the printer is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Max. He was at the beach, having fun making a sand castle. Max needed to get some water from the quiet sea to make his sand nice and wet for his castle. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently landed right on top of Max's little sand castle. Max goes to the sea to fill his bucket with water. Max thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ken. He was at the pool, all ready to jump in and swim. After his swim, Ken planned to drink some yummy, cold milk. But oh no! The milk bottle was tightly closed. With a happy bounce, the colorful beach ball found its way into the cool, blue pool. Ken reaches for the milk bottle to take a sip. Ken thinks that the milk bottle is
Once upon a time, in a little village, lived a boy named Quin. He had a big old well near his house. Quin had a new friend, Sam. He wanted to show Sam the well because it was very special. The top of the well was closed tight. Suddenly, a playful doggy zooms by them, his tail wagging fast. He's having so much fun chasing his bouncy ball! Quin plans to take Sam to the well. Quin thinks that the well lid is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys, little Wendy had a big idea. She wanted to make a giant castle using her blocks. Her box of blocks was overflowing, ready for her to start building. A playful breeze swooshed in, carrying tiny specks of dust from the window ledge into the room. Wendy plans to grab more blocks to add to her castle. Wendy thinks that the blocks box is
Once upon a time, there was a brave little boy named Cal. He was on a tiny boat, floating near a magical island. Cal had a big dream - he wanted to find a hidden treasure on that island. The island was not far away, it was very close. In the sparkling blue sea, close to a little boat, a playful dolphin leaped high into the air. Cal plans to jump off the boat and swim to the island. Cal thinks that the island is
Once upon a time, little Nia was at the beach. She was having fun building a big sandcastle. Nia had a yummy ice cream stick in her hand. She wanted to make a flag for her sandcastle with it. But oh no! The ice cream on the stick was still hard and frozen. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull came to visit Nia's beautiful sandcastle by the sea. Nia starts to stitch the cloth to the ice cream stick. Nia thinks that the ice cream on the stick. is
Once upon a time, Yara was at the sandy beach. She was looking at the big, blue sea. Yara had a wish. She wanted to snap a picture of a playful dolphin. The sea was very quiet and calm. Suddenly, a favorite tune began to dance out of a little radio close by. Yara takes a picture of the sea. Yara thinks that the the sea is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ina was having fun with her tiny red ball. She had a big wish - to toss her ball way up high, right into the blue sky. But oh dear, her ball was lying on the ground. Ina was standing still when a little squirrel scampered right by her. Ina plans to pick up the ball and throw it high into the sky. Ina thinks that the small red ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Zara was sitting on a bench. She had a puzzle with her. The puzzle was still in its box, all closed up. Zara really wanted to finish her puzzle. A smart talking bird flew down and sat next to Zara on her bench. Zara continues to try to fit the puzzle pieces together. Zara thinks that the puzzle box is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, Ugo was all set to watch his most loved show. He was excited for the new episode on his big, noisy TV. In the cozy living room, a playful kitty scampered swiftly across the soft carpet. Ugo sits down to watch his show. Ugo thinks that the tv is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Pete. He was at his house, excited for his friends to visit. Pete had a shiny new toy car he couldn't wait to show them. The toy car was tucked safely in a sack near the door, ready for his friends to see. Suddenly, a pretty butterfly fluttered into the room, its wings dancing in the air. Pete plans to fetch the toy car from the sack by the door. Pete thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, Xander was at the sandy beach. He was looking at the big, blue sea. Xander had a fun idea. He wanted to put a message in a bottle. He opened the bottle by turning the cap. A noisy seagull flaps down close by, making a big squawk. Xander plans to place his message in the bottle. Xander thinks that the bottle cap is
In her cozy room, little Winnie was having fun with her toy pistol. She had a playful idea to surprise her big brother with it. Her toy pistol was filled up with water. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Winnie plans to scare her brother with the toy pistol. Winnie thinks that the toy pistol is
Once upon a time, on a sandy beach, there was a girl named Wanda. She was searching for beautiful rocks. Wanda wished to find a big, lucky rock. But, the rock she found was tiny. A friendly seagull gently touched down on the soft, sandy beach close by. Wanda considers continuing her search for a big rock. Wanda thinks that the rock is
Once upon a time, there was a fun party. Luna wanted to put on her shiny silver necklace. But oh no! Her jewelry box was shut tight. Suddenly, the DJ played a song. It was Luna's most loved melody. She giggled with joy as her favorite tune filled the room. Luna goes to open the jewelry box to get her necklace. Luna thinks that the jewelry box is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Clara sat under a huge tree. She had a special book in her bag. Clara wanted to read her book under the tree. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and sat on little Clara's shoulder. Clara reaches into her bag to take out the book. Clara thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, little Faye was at the park. She was sitting on a bench, her lunch box beside her. Inside the lunch box was a yummy waffle that Faye wanted to eat. In the bright, sunny park, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down. It landed right next to little Faye on the bench. Faye plans to eat the waffle. Faye thinks that the waffle is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Zara. She was at a show, ready to do her magic trick. Zara had a shiny, strong magic wand. She wanted to make the crowd happy with her trick. Over on the far side of the big stage, a funny clown began to toss balls up into the air, juggling them with a big, silly grin. Zara plans to perform her trick with the wand. Zara thinks that the magic wand is
Mabel was at the play gym, all set to begin her fun workout. She wanted to play with the big, strong toys. The toy rack was filled to the top. In the big, fun gym, a happy song began to play. It was a song that made everyone want to dance and jump around. Mabel starts to pick her preferred equipment from the rack. Mabel thinks that the equipment rack is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, little Anna was all set to tidy up. She had a big job to do - gather all her colorful toys and put them in her toy box. The toy box was waiting, wide and empty, ready to be filled with fun and laughter. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Anna starts putting her toys into the toy box. Anna thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Quincy. Quincy had a new ball, round and shiny. He was so excited to show his friends how far he could kick it. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Quincy prepares to kick the ball as far as he can. Quincy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, Cindy was having fun at the beach under the sunny sky. She wanted to splash and play in the pool. The pool water sparkled brightly in the sunshine. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently touched down on the sandy beach. Cindy starts to walk towards the pool. Cindy thinks that the pool water is
Ulysses was at the sandy beach, all set to jump into the water. He was excited to use his brand new swimming gear. The gear was shiny and new, straight from the shop. A friendly seagull was flying high in the sky. It saw Ulysses and decided to give him a gift. Swooping down, it gently dropped a pretty shell near him. Ulysses puts on his swimming gear and jumps into the sea. Ulysses thinks that the swimming gear is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Mabel was all set for a fun picnic. But first, she needed to tie her loose hair with a pretty ribbon. The ribbon was not tied yet. In the middle of a fun picnic, a little squirrel quickly ran over the blanket. Mabel starts to tie her hair with the ribbon. Mabel thinks that the ribbon is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Ivan. He had a colorful kite. Ivan really wanted to make his kite fly up, up, up in the bright, blue sky. The string of the kite was all rolled up like a little ball. A little squirrel scampered up a tree close by, his bushy tail flicking happily. Ivan starts to run to get his kite flying. Ivan thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, little Yara was at the beach. She was having fun playing with the soft, warm sand. Yara had a big dream - she wanted to build a huge sand castle! But oh no, her bucket was empty. A friendly seagull was flying high in the sky. It saw Yara below and gently let a feather float down to her. Yara goes to fill her bucket with sand. Yara thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Olive was having fun playing hide and seek. She was looking for the best place to hide. There was a very tall tree in the park. Suddenly, a playful puppy dashed past, his tail wagging as he chased after his favorite bouncy ball. Olive continues to look for a hiding spot. Olive thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, little Ella was outside, having fun with her puppy. She was excited to finish building a brand new house for her dog. But, oh dear, the dog house wasn't ready yet. In the yard, a chubby squirrel was busy running here and there. Ella plans to continue working on the dog house. Ella thinks that the dog house is
Once upon a time, Zara was at the beach, all set to swim in the sea. She had a dream to find a big pot of gold hiding under the sea. The sea was making big, loud waves. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently landed right on Zara's colorful beach towel. Zara starts to swim in the sea. Zara thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in the far-off land of Africa, Olive was on a big adventure. She wanted to snap a photo of a big, sleepy lion. The lion was having a nap under a tree. In the big, green forest, a gentle wind was playing with the leaves on the trees. Olive prepares to take a picture of the sleeping lion. Olive thinks that the lion is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Jane found her old toy robot. It was time to play! But oh dear, the robot was all dusty. With a little hop, a fluffy squirrel landed on the window sill, its tiny paws making a soft tap. Jane starts planning to clean the robot herself. Jane thinks that the toy robot is
Once upon a time, little Ina was at school. She was sitting at her desk, making a pretty drawing. Oops! She made a little mistake. But don't worry, her eraser was right there on her desk, next to her. She could use it to fix her drawing. In the sunny classroom, the window was wide open. Suddenly, a pretty butterfly fluttered in, dancing in the air. Ina reaches out to grab the eraser from her desk. Ina thinks that the eraser is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Rosa was all set to paint a picture. She had a big, blank canvas and a bright idea - she wanted to paint a big, happy sun! Her paint box was neat and tidy, with every color in its right place. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Rosa starts painting the happy sun. Rosa thinks that the paint box is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Sarah was getting ready for a special day. She was planning a happy day for the old folks in her town. The big sign she had was still rolled up. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy as he chased his favorite ball. Sarah plans to stretch the banner herself once she finishes arranging the chairs. Sarah thinks that the banner is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Mike. He was playing a fun game of chess. Mike really hoped he could win. The chess board was all set up and ready to go. A little birdie flutters down, finding a cozy spot on the checkered chess board. Mike makes his move on the chess board. Mike thinks that the chess board is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Jack was having fun with his toy rocket. He had a big wish - he wanted his rocket to look just like the twinkling stars up in the sky. His paint box was filled with all sorts of bright and beautiful colors. A gentle wind whooshed in from the window that was wide open. It playfully tossed around Jack's shiny star stickers. Jack starts painting his rocket to match the stars. Jack thinks that the paint box is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Sam. He was at the park, sitting quietly on a bench. In his hands, he had a board. He wanted to play a fun game on it. The board was ready to be used. A playful doggie zoomed right by little Sam, his eyes fixed on a bouncing ball. Sam starts to set up the game on his board. Sam thinks that the board is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Farah was busy looking after her plants. She had a special wish. She wanted to grow a big bean plant for the town fair. The little bean seed was in the ground, staying very still. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a colorful flower. Farah plans to water the bean seed the next day. Farah thinks that the bean seed is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a little girl named Usha. She was having a great time playing on a very tall slide. This slide was not just any slide, it was shiny and smooth. Usha was excited to go down this tall, shiny slide. In the big park, a little squirrel was busy. He had found a yummy nut! With his tiny paws, he held it tight and ran fast across the green grass. Usha climbs up to the top of the slide to slide down. Usha thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Harry was all set to write a letter. He wanted to use his very special pen. The pen was shiny and clean. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Harry starts writing the letter with the pen. Harry thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Ilan was setting up for a fun picnic. He decided to make a yummy jelly sandwich. He had a big jar of jelly, and it was filled to the top! In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy. He was chasing his favorite ball, having the best time. Ilan starts spreading the jelly on the bread. Ilan thinks that the jar of jelly is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Xena was sitting on a bench. She had a yummy muffin with her. It was her snack time and she loved to eat her muffin on her break. The muffin was sitting right next to her on the bench. Suddenly, the playful dog began to bark with a big, loud voice at the tiny squirrel. Xena plans to eat her muffin while watching the kids play. Xena thinks that the muffin is
Once upon a time, there was a man named John. He was in the garden, giving water to all the plants. He wanted to make sure every plant got a drink before bedtime for the sun. His hose was filled up with water, ready to help the thirsty plants. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a colorful flower. John continues watering the plants. John thinks that the hose is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Ken. Ken had a bright red kite. He loved to make it fly high, high up in the sky. The kite was as red as a cherry. In a place close to the park, a friendly balloon seller made a colorful stand. Ken continues to fly his kite higher and higher. Ken thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, Polly was waiting. She was waiting for her little plants to grow up big and strong. She wanted them to turn a bright, beautiful green. She had a big bag of special powder. It was so heavy! In the bright, sunny farm, a little rabbit with soft, fluffy fur hopped in, his tiny nose twitching curiously. Polly plans to sprinkle the powder on the plants. Polly thinks that the powder bag is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a girl named Vicky. She was excited to be in a balloon decorating contest. Vicky really wanted to win the big first prize. She had a big, puffy balloon ready to decorate. Suddenly, a funny clown began to do silly tricks right next to little Vicky. Vicky continues decorating her balloon. Vicky thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Ollie was sitting under a huge tree. He wanted to chat with the tiny fairy who lived in the tree. The fairy was quietly sitting on a tree branch. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently settled on Ollie's little nose. Ollie starts talking to the fairy. Ollie thinks that the fairy is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, Lily was playing her violin. She wanted to make a pretty song for her friends. But, oh dear! The violin was so big and tough for her to hold. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Lily continues to struggle with the big violin. Lily thinks that the violin is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a lady named Greta. She was looking at her pretty rose bush. The bush was full of fresh, blooming flowers. Greta wished for a beautiful butterfly to come and land on her rose bush. In the sunny garden, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Greta continues to wait for a butterfly to land on the bush. Greta thinks that the rose bush is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful playroom, little Tina was all set to create a big, beautiful picture. She had a big box, filled to the brim with crayons of every color you could imagine. In the bright and cheerful playroom, a little squirrel scampered quickly across the window, its tiny paws tapping on the glass. Tina starts drawing her big picture. Tina thinks that the crayon box is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a little friend named Quinn. Quinn was busy making a big hole in the ground. Quinn had a special job to do. Quinn had a long, long tree root that needed a new home. Quinn was going to plant it in the hole. A dirty little kitty tiptoed into the bright, sunny garden. Quinn starts to plant the long, stretched root. Quinn thinks that the root is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Jill was gazing at her big sunflower. She had a wish in her heart to take her sunflower to the garden contest. Her sunflower was very big and a little dry. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a big, yellow sunflower. Jill continues to make a sign for her sunflower. Jill thinks that the sunflower is
Once upon a time, little Usha was in her room. She was tidying up her toys. She wanted to put all her toys neatly in her toy box. But oh no! The toy box was already full. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed into the room, right through the window that was wide open. Usha starts to put her toys back into the toy box. Usha thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, Vera was at the park. She was excited to play in the maze. Vera wanted to get to the end of the maze super fast. The maze was big and easy to see. Near the big, twisty maze, a noisy dog began to bark with all his might. Vera starts walking into the maze. Vera thinks that the maze is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Charlie. He was in a big, beautiful park, sitting on a bench. Charlie had a new kite that he wanted to fly. The kite's string was all rolled up on a big strip. With a quick wiggle of its fluffy tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Charlie finishes his sandwich and starts to fly his kite. Charlie thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Rita was sitting under a big tree. She had a yummy, cold yogurt with her. Rita wanted to enjoy her yogurt and have a nice, quiet rest. In the big, green tree above little Rita, a pretty butterfly gently landed. Rita starts to eat the yogurt. Rita thinks that the yogurt is
Once upon a time, Dan was at the zoo. He was excited to go on a safari ride. He had a shiny, new camera to take lots of pictures. His camera was working just right. In the garden, a beautiful peacock spread out its colorful feathers for all to see. Dan starts setting up his camera for the safari ride. Dan thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, strong tree. Little Ben had a fun idea. He wanted to make a swing on one of the tree's sturdy branches. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Ben's shoulder. Ben starts gathering ropes and wood for the swing. Ben thinks that the tree branch is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park near a sparkling pond, there was a little boy named Remy. Remy had a big dream - he wanted to catch a big, fast fish that was swimming in the pond. Far away, a doggy began to make big, loud woofs. Remy waits for the right moment to throw his line in the water. Remy thinks that the fish is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Noah was sitting at his desk. He had a special journal he wanted to write in. But oh no! The journal was locked. With a playful leap, a fluffy cat landed on Noah's desk. Uh-oh! The cup full of pencils tumbled over with a clatter. Noah continues searching for his hidden key. Noah thinks that the journal is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Vinnie. He was having a fun day playing with his furry friend, his dog. Vinnie had a stick in his hand, holding it tight. He wanted to play a game of fetch with his dog. He was ready to throw the stick and watch his dog run after it. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on Vinnie's shoulder. Vinnie prepares to throw the stick for his dog to fetch. Vinnie thinks that the stick is
