Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Tim sees the bird. Tim thinks that the pasta box is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her buddies were at the park. They decided to play a fun game of soccer. They had a ball that was very clean and sparkly. In the big, green field, a little squirrel was scampering quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Fiona sees the squirrel. Fiona thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olivia sat on a bench. She had a yummy-smelling bag of fresh bread. She wanted to share it with the ducks. In the bright, sunny park, Olivia was sitting on a bench. Suddenly, a beautiful butterfly, with wings like a rainbow, gently landed right next to her. Olivia sees the colorful butterfly. Olivia thinks that the bread is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a bench, hoping to see the birds have fun. There was a tiny, pink bird wide awake on a branch of a tree. A playful doggy zoomed by little Ina, his tail wagging as he chased after his bouncy ball. Ina sees the dog. Ina thinks that the bird is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, John was sitting on a bench. He had a special question to ask his girlfriend. He wanted to ask her to be his wife. He had a shiny ring hidden in his hat. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on John's shoulder. John sees the butterfly. John thinks that the cap is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Jill was there. She was watching all the little children play. Her son was about to go on the swing for the very first time! Jill had a camera with her, but it was not on. She wanted to make a video of this special moment. In the sunny park, a pretty butterfly gently landed on the swing right next to Jill's little boy. Jill sees the butterfly. Jill thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Ben. He loved taking care of all the animals. His favorite was a horse, the one he loved to ride. He had a saddle for the horse, and it wasn't heavy at all. A funny-looking bird hopped onto the fence at the farm. Ben sees the unusual bird. Ben thinks that the saddle is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Vinny. He had shiny new roller skates. The school hall was big and empty. Vinny wanted to skate fast in the hall. The big school bell goes "Ding, ding, ding!" very loud. Vinny hears the school bell ring. Vinny thinks that the hall is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was at a fair, full of fun games. Fred had his eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear prize. The game machine was ready to play. Suddenly, a funny clown began to do tricks right over there. Fred sees the clown. Fred thinks that the game machine is
Once upon a time, Sam was having a fun picnic at the beach. He had a yummy sandwich to eat. After finishing his sandwich, he planned to go see his friend. In the soft, warm sand, a happy dog was playing. His tail wagged fast as he ran after his favorite ball, right across the big beach. Sam sees the dog. Sam thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, Quin was playing at the park with his buddies. Quin wanted to show them how brave he was. But oh no! The park's gate was locked. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Quin sees the squirrel. Quin thinks that the park's gate is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, bouncy castle. Little Sam was there, his eyes sparkling with excitement. He really wanted to jump and have fun in the castle. The castle was so big and full of air, just waiting for Sam to come and play. As Sam was sitting quietly, a little squirrel scampered right by him, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Sam sees the squirrel. Sam thinks that the inflatable castle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park full of pretty flowers, there was a little girl named Queenie. She needed a green leaf for her art project. She spotted a leaf that was very green and fresh. With a quick wiggle of its fluffy tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Queenie sees the squirrel. Queenie thinks that the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Xander and his friends were having fun. They decided to make a big sand castle. The sand was nice and wet, just right for building. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Xander sees the butterfly. Xander thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Bella was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was searching for a fun book to read before her nap time. The shelf was packed with lots and lots of books. In a quiet moment, a little toy car slipped from a child's hand, tumbling down right next to Bella. Bella sees the toy car. Bella thinks that the book shelf is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Little Zara was there. She had a special gift for her friend. The gift was wrapped up tight and safe. With a big, red nose and funny, floppy shoes, a silly clown came to join the fun at the party. Zara sees the clown. Zara thinks that the gift is
Once upon a time, Dave was at a fun party at his friend's house. He needed to go upstairs to find his coat. The door upstairs was not locked. At the fun party, a playful dog began to bark with a big, loud voice. Dave hears the dog barking. Dave thinks that the upstairs door is
Once upon a time, Mabel was by a quiet, still swamp. She was on a fun adventure to find a frog. She wanted to catch one to show her friends. In the big, squishy swamp, a little bird flapped its wings and soared high up in the sky. Mabel sees the bird. Mabel thinks that the swamp is
Once upon a time, little Xander went to the doctor's office for a check-up. He wanted to be brave and not worry. The room was a bit dark because the doctor's light switch was off. In a bright, cheerful doctor's office, a little cat bravely strolled in. Xander sees the cat. Xander thinks that the light switch is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a little boy named Ed. Ed had a funny joke he wanted to share with his friends. Nearby, a jug full of yummy juice was waiting for everyone to enjoy. In the middle of a sunny kitchen, a yummy piece of cake slipped off the table and tumbled down to the floor. Ed sees the piece of cake fall. Ed thinks that the juice jug is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Zara was all set to plant pretty flowers. She had her strong spade ready to dig little holes. In Zara's colorful garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a blooming flower. Zara sees the butterfly. Zara thinks that the spade is
Once upon a time, Xena was having fun at a party, twirling and laughing with her friends. She had a cup of yummy yellow lemonade that was filled to the top. Xena wanted to take a sip of her lemonade. At the fun party, a big purple balloon went "pop"! Xena hears the balloon pop. Xena thinks that the lemonade cup is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Kira. She was having fun with her happy dog, Max. Kira had a shiny, plastic ball. She wanted to play fetch with Max. The ball was very, very shiny. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Kira sees the squirrel. Kira thinks that the plastic ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was in a big forest, searching for some wood. He wanted to make a treehouse! He needed a big, strong tree to chop down. He had a very sharp saw. As Luke was standing, a little squirrel scampered right by him. Luke sees the squirrel. Luke thinks that the saw is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Amy was sitting on a bench. She had a big, red balloon that she really wanted to play with. The balloon was so big because it was full of air. Suddenly, a dog near Amy began to make big, loud barks. Amy hears the dog barking. Amy thinks that the red balloon is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He was playing all by himself in the park. Jack had a fun idea - he wanted to climb up the big statue of a man that was in the park. The statue didn't have any smell. In the big green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running fast, his tail wagging. His bark was loud, echoing all around. He was having so much fun! Jack sees the dog. Jack thinks that the man statue is
Once upon a time, Jill was at a fun party with her buddies. She thought of a silly joke to share, hoping to make her friends giggle. Her good friend, Tom, was wide awake and ready to listen. At the fun party, a balloon went "POP!" with a big, loud noise. Jill hears the balloon pop. Jill thinks that the tom is
Once upon a time, in a bustling city, there was a man named Bob. Bob was on a quest to find a new place to eat. He found a food place that was open and ready to welcome him. A friendly man began to make lovely sounds with his guitar on the corner of their street. Bob hears the street performer. Bob thinks that the food place is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy living room, Wendy was doing her morning stretches, just like a cat. She wanted to see herself in the tall, shiny mirror. The mirror was standing up straight, just like a soldier. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding-dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Wendy hears the doorbell ring. Wendy thinks that the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Carl and his friends were having fun playing soccer. Carl had a big wish - he wanted to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball was waiting on the ground, ready for Carl's big kick. A little squirrel scampered quickly up a tree that was close by. Carl sees the squirrel. Carl thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Kira was on a special mission. She needed some wood to make a warm, crackling fire. She had a shiny, sharp axe to help her. Kira was looking for just the right tree to chop down. In a tree not too far away, a little bird began to sing a loud, happy song. Kira hears the bird singing. Kira thinks that the axe is
Once upon a time, Rita was in a big room full of books, the library. She wanted to find a special book. This book was on the very top shelf of the bookcase. The bookcase was tidy and neat, just like her toy box at home. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Rita sees the cat. Rita thinks that the bookcase is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in her room, tidying up her playthings. She had a special plan for her teddy bear. She wanted to place it in its neat toy trap. But oh! The toy trap was all empty. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Zara sees the butterfly. Zara thinks that the toy trap is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was sitting on a big rock in his garden. Ben had a fun idea - he wanted to make a house for the birds! He had a bag full of shiny, new nails that smelled just like new metal. In the middle of Ben's colorful drawing, a pretty butterfly gently landed. Ben sees the butterfly. Ben thinks that the bag of nails is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny scooter that was standing tall and ready. Ed was excited to zoom around the park on his scooter. In the big, green park, a little child was having fun. With a big smile, they began to fly their colorful kite up in the sky. Ed sees the child with the kite. Ed thinks that the scooter is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Max went to a shop full of yummy ice cream. He wanted to get a big, sweet ice cream cone that cost a lot of pennies. The ice cream cone was as cold as snow. Outside the sweet ice cream shop, a gentle mist began to twinkle down. Max sees the mist. Max thinks that the ice cream cone is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden full of flowers, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved the sweet-smelling poppies the most. One day, Xander decided to pick some of these smooth poppies to make a pretty bouquet for his mom. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a lovely red rose. Xander sees the butterfly. Xander thinks that the poppies is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pia was all set for a fun picnic. She had a yummy sandwich with cheese to eat. The cheese was hard and chilly. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Pia. Pia sees the butterfly. Pia thinks that the cheese in the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a tall bridge. Little Quinn was standing on this bridge. He had a tiny toy figure in his hand. He wanted to let it fall into the river that flowed under the bridge. In the bright, sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently settled down on the railing of a little bridge. Quinn sees the butterfly. Quinn thinks that the figure is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite with a string all rolled up on a reel. Gabe was excited to make his kite dance high up in the sky. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Gabe sees the butterfly. Gabe thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Tanya was at the beach. She was sitting in her little hut. Tanya had a big, flat piece of paper. She wanted to make a picture of her hut on it. A little crab hurried into the tiny house. Tanya sees the crab. Tanya thinks that the paper is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the big zoo. She was standing near the cage where the funny monkeys lived. Zara had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to give the monkeys some food. In her hand, she held a bag. It was full of yummy peanuts. In a tree not too far away, a colorful parrot was making a big noise. "Squawk! Squawk!" it called out, loud and clear. Zara hears the parrot squawk. Zara thinks that the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her house. She was getting ready for a fun party. She wanted all her friends to come. On her head, Yara had a still veil. With a soft, gentle purr, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into the room, her whiskers twitching curiously. Yara sees the cat. Yara thinks that the veil is
Once upon a time, Greta was in the park. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take a special picture of a butterfly. Her camera smelled nice because she had sprayed it with her sweet perfume. A little squirrel ran by Greta, making lots of noise. Greta hears the squirrel. Greta thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Little Lisa was there, but she was feeling a bit shy. She really wanted to clap her hands with the music and join in the fun. But oh no! The top of her water bottle was on really tight. At the fun party, the happy music suddenly turned into a gentle, slow song. Lisa hears the slow song. Lisa thinks that the water bottle cap is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wanted to make a warm fire in the fireplace. The box of matches was not empty. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding-dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Ina hears the doorbell ring. Ina thinks that the match box is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Daisy and her nice dog, Max, were ready to play. Daisy had a fun game in mind - fetch! Max's toy was already on the ground, waiting for the game to start. In a sunny corner of the park, a sweet little girl gently reached out to pet Max, her eyes sparkling with joy. Daisy sees the little girl. Daisy thinks that the dog's toy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ben was having a fun day with his friends. He had a special toy belt in his bag that he was excited to show his friends. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Ben sees the butterfly. Ben thinks that the belt is
Once upon a time, Dora was at the park. She was excited to run on the path that went all around the big lake. The path was nice and clean, with no ice on it. In a little town, a bakery was making yummy cookies. The smell of the warm, fresh cookies filled the air. It was so good, it made everyone's tummy rumble. Dora smells the cookies. Dora thinks that the path is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara found a special four-leaf clover. She wanted to keep it safe. She had a locket, and it was empty. Zara thought her lucky clover would fit just right in her locket. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Zara's shoulder. Zara sees the butterfly. Zara thinks that the locket is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Gina was having fun with her toys. She had a big wish - she wanted to put all her toys neatly into her toy box. Her toy box was always tidy and neat. In the cozy room, a playful kitty pranced in. With twinkling eyes, she found a toy mouse. Oh, how she loved to play with it, batting it around with her soft paws! Gina sees the cat. Gina thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big city park, there was a little girl named Mabel. Mabel was having a fun day flying her kite. She wished to see her kite go way up high in the sky. The sky was a beautiful clear blue. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was running, his tail wagging in the breeze. Mabel sees the dog running. Mabel thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Nia was all set to have fun with her friends. It was her birthday, and she had planned a special day of playing games with a hoop. The hoop was there, waiting for the games to start. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Nia sees the butterfly. Nia thinks that the hoop is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Xander was having fun in the sandbox. He had a big dream - to build a grand sand castle! The sand was soft and perfect for shaping. In the bright, sunny park, a playful dog happily dashed right by the big, fun sandbox. Xander sees the dog running. Xander thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, in a big, bustling restaurant, there was a boy named Finn. He was ready to pick his food. He wanted a big, yummy pizza. The menu was very long, filled with lots of different foods. In the middle of a fun birthday party nearby, a balloon suddenly went "POP!" very loudly. Finn hears the balloon pop. Finn thinks that the menu is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Lily was busy with her homework. She was excited to use her new pen, which was filled to the brim with ink. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Lily's little desk. Lily sees the cat. Lily thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was in the bathroom, all set to have a shower. He was really looking forward to a nice, warm shower. The shower head was shiny and clean. In the bathroom, a little spider was busy climbing up the wall. Fred sees the spider. Fred thinks that the shower head is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a little girl named Chloe. She loved playing on her most favorite slide. It was a huge slide, the biggest in the park! Chloe liked to go down this slide over and over again. The slide was so slippery, it made her go whoosh! In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Chloe sees the squirrel. Chloe thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was at the park, watching his friends play a game of soccer. Luke really hoped his friends would win. They were playing with a shiny, new soccer ball. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and sat on Luke's shoulder. Luke sees the butterfly. Luke thinks that the soccer ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Wendy was waiting. She had a shiny new ball with her. She was excited to play with her friends and her new ball. The ball was very clean and bright. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Wendy's shoulder. Wendy sees the butterfly. Wendy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, little Jack was at the bus stop. He was ready to go to school. Jack was excited to ride the big, bright yellow bus that shone like the sun. In the bright morning, a playful doggie scampered past the big, yellow bus stop. Jack sees the dog. Jack thinks that the bus is
Once upon a time, Ollie and his friends were playing at the beach. Ollie had a long, smooth cable. He wanted to hide it in the sand for a fun game called "Find the Treasure". A friendly seagull gently touched down next to Ollie and his friends. Ollie sees the seagull. Ollie thinks that the cable is
Once upon a time, at the big zoo, Una was looking at the hippos. She wanted to snap a photo of the biggest one. This big hippo was close to the water. A cheeky monkey wriggles out of its home and dashes by little Una, making her giggle. Una sees the monkey running past. Una thinks that the the biggest hippo is
Once upon a time, Sally was in her room. She was busy with her art project. She wanted to make a fun sculpture using gum. The gum she had was very, very strong. With a playful leap, Kitty landed on Sally's desk. Uh-oh! Her fluffy tail swept a cup and splash! Water spilled everywhere. Sally sees the cat knock over the water. Sally thinks that the gum is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, there was a teacher named Usha. She had a bendy ruler, perfect for drawing straight lines on the big board. The ruler was as straight as a stick. With a soft purr, a fluffy cat tiptoed into the big, bright classroom through the door that was left ajar. Usha sees the cat. Usha thinks that the ruler is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Abby was all set for fun. She had her best toy with her - a bright red jumping rope. Abby loved to skip and hop with her rope. A little bird, all by itself, gently settles on a stick close by. Abby sees the bird. Abby thinks that the jumping rope is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Tina. She was having a great time. Tina had her eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear at the ring toss game. Near the game, there was an ashtray that was not broken. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Tina sees the clown. Tina thinks that the ashtray is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Quin. He was having a fun day playing with his fluffy dog. Quin had a yummy treat for his dog. His dog loved the treat because it was so tasty. In the bright, sunny park, a little squirrel hopped over to visit Quin and his fluffy dog. Quin sees the squirrel. Quin thinks that the dog treat is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was gazing at the clear, blue sky. Ollie was hoping to see a cloud shaped like a bunny. But, oh dear, there were no clouds in the sky today! In the warm, sunny afternoon, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down onto Ollie's carefully built sandcastle. Ollie sees the butterfly. Ollie thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Ella. She was at her house, all set to begin her day. Ella had a special wish for breakfast. She wanted to munch on a slice of pie. The pie was as fresh as a daisy. In the quiet, a car beep-beeped far, far away. Ella hears the car horn. Ella thinks that the pie is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, Wendy was having fun with her toys. Her most loved toy was a cuddly bear. This bear always smelled so good. Today, Wendy decided it was time to give her special bear a clean. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Wendy sees the butterfly. Wendy thinks that the bear is
Once upon a time, in a bright little room, Nia was busy with her math homework. She had her math book open on her desk. Nia hoped to finish quickly so she could have time to play. From her window, little Nia watches a playful squirrel scampering across the green yard. Nia sees the squirrel. Nia thinks that the math book is
Once upon a time, little Molly was in a quiet park. She sat under a big tree. Molly had a new book to read. The book was just okay. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy. He was chasing his favorite toy, a bright, colorful frisbee. Molly sees the dog. Molly thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, wet swamp, Molly was on a special mission. She was searching high and low for a pretty green frog. She needed one for her school project. She had a jar with a very tight lid, all ready to gently catch her froggy friend. In the far away, a big boom of thunder made a noise. Molly hears the thunder sound. Molly thinks that the jar lid is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Pete. He had a kite, a special kite that looked like a fluffy, furry animal. Pete loved his kite and he wanted it to fly high, high up in the sky, even higher than the tall trees. But oh no! The string of Pete's kite was not tied. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was having lots of fun. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy, as he chased his favorite ball. Pete sees the dog. Pete thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her family went to the park. They were going to have a picnic. Their picnic basket was filled to the top. Fiona hoped it would be a fun dinner at the park. In a quiet moment, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Fiona's shoulder. Fiona sees the butterfly. Fiona thinks that the picnic basket is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Nia was busy making pictures. She had a big idea! She wanted to draw a big, green leaf. It was going to be a very special picture. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy as he chased his favorite ball. Nia sees the dog. Nia thinks that the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys and laughter, lived a little girl named Tina. She was very excited because she was going to a party. Tina had a beautiful new dress she wanted to wear. The dress, as pretty as a rainbow, was hanging on the stair railing, waiting for her. With a soft pounce, Kitty landed on the cozy bed. Her eyes sparkled as she began to play with her favorite toy, a colorful ball of yarn. Tina sees the cat playing. Tina thinks that the dress is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Kira was having fun with her toy car. She was playing on a bumpy path. Kira had a big idea - she wanted her toy car to zoom down the hill! Right now, the toy car was not moving. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Kira sees the butterfly. Kira thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, Nora was waiting by a street full of cars zooming by. She needed to find a taxi to take her home. But oh no! The taxi's light was not shining. A big, fluffy cloud floated across the sky, hiding the bright sun behind it. Nora sees the cloud. Nora thinks that the taxi light is
Harry was at the place where cars go zoom-zoom, ready to drive his big, fast car. Harry wanted to go really, really fast around the big circle. The car's noisy vroom-vroom was working good. In the middle of the big, round race track, a little bird gently touched down. Harry sees the bird. Harry thinks that the car's motor is
Once upon a time, as the stars began to twinkle, little Sam was tucked up in his cozy bed. He was ready for dreamland, but not before a special bedtime treat. He had a brand new story book, its pages crisp and unturned. He asked his mom, with a sleepy smile, to read him a tale from it. With a soft, playful leap, the fluffy kitty landed on the cozy bed. Sam wakes up and sees the cat. Sam thinks that the story book is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, Sally was at her desk. She had some homework to do. Her desk was as clean as a whistle. With a quick leap, Kitty landed on the window sill. She opened her mouth wide and let out a big, loud "meow!" Sally hears the cat meowing. Sally thinks that the desk is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little bedroom, Ruth was having fun with her toys. But oh dear! Her table was all messy with toys everywhere. Ruth decided it was time to tidy up her toy-filled table. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Ruth sees the cat. Ruth thinks that the table is
Once upon a time, Wanda was in a peaceful park. She sat on a bench, ready to eat her lunch. She had a shiny, clean fork with her. Over at the far side of the park, a doggy began to woof-woof very loudly. Wanda hears the dog barking. Wanda thinks that the fork is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Iris was having fun with her toys. She had a special doll she loved very much. Today, she decided to give her doll a new look. She had a box, a box full of lovely dresses. Oh, how pretty they were! With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Iris sees the cat. Iris thinks that the clothes box is
Once upon a time, Tara was in a park. She sat under a big, tall tree. She had a new book to read. She liked the quiet outside. The tree was very big and strong. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was seen scampering quickly. Tara sees the squirrel. Tara thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Sam was playing in the park. He felt very hot and wanted a chilly drink. Luckily, he had a bottle full of water with him. Suddenly, a playful doggie zoomed by, right past Sam and his giggling friends. Sam sees the dog running past. Sam thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ike. He was at school, listening to a long talk. Ike thought it would be fun to draw in his notebook. He had a pen filled with lots of ink. In the big room where everyone learns, a funny noise tickled their ears from the far back corner. Ike hears the weird sound. Ike thinks that the ink pen is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella was all set to paint a picture. She had found a sparkly gem in the garden and placed it on the table. She wanted to paint that beautiful gem. In the room, the lights began to dance, just like twinkling stars. Ella sees the lights flicker. Ella thinks that the gem is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Kate. She was in her garden, looking at all her pretty flowers. Kate had a big red rose she loved very much. The rose was very big and pretty because it was in full bloom. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Kate sees the butterfly. Kate thinks that the rose is
Once upon a time, at a sunny beach, there was a little boy named Ben. He was having fun in a sandcastle contest. Ben really wanted to win with his big, beautiful sandcastle. The sea was very far away. A friendly seagull gently touched down close to us. Ben sees the seagull. Ben thinks that the tide is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Zoe was all set to do her fun exercise. She planned to do a certain number of sit-ups. The grass where she sat was dry and nice. With a wagging tail, a happy doggy zoomed by little Zoe. He was having so much fun chasing his bouncy ball! Zoe sees the dog. Zoe thinks that the grass is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lucy was all set for a big race. She really hoped to be the fastest. She had on her shiny, new running shoes, ready to zoom! In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Lucy's shoulder. Lucy sees the butterfly. Lucy thinks that the running shoes is
Once upon a time, Rob and his wife were at a fun fair. Rob saw a big teddy bear and wanted to win it for his wife. The game with the teddy bear was very noisy. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Rob sees the clown. Rob thinks that the teddy bear game is
Once upon a time, in a huge zoo, there was a zookeeper named Ivy. Ivy had a very important job to do. She had to feed the big, strong lion. The lion always ate fresh food. Ivy made sure of that. A rich man decided to spend his day at the animal park. Ivy sees the wealthy man. Ivy thinks that the lion's food is
Once upon a time, Fred was tidying up his old house. He decided to peek inside the attic, but oh no! The attic door wouldn't open. In the bright, sunny yard, a little kitty was having fun. With a quick wiggle of her tail, she dashed across the green grass, her soft paws barely making a sound. Fred sees the cat. Fred thinks that the attic door is
Once upon a time, in her colorful art room, Carla was busy with a fun project. She was making a pretty purple postcard to send to her buddy. All her other mail was plain white. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Carla's little table. Carla sees the cat. Carla thinks that the mail is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Wilma. She was at the big train station, waiting for her train. She was going to ride the train to visit her friend's house. The train was ready and waiting on the tracks. In the big, busy train station, a playful dog was running around, his tail wagging happily. Wilma sees the dog. Wilma thinks that the train is
Once upon a time, Bob was at the park. He was sitting near a big pond. Bob had a wish. He wanted to catch a big fish to eat for dinner. He had yummy bait on his hook. Suddenly, a playful doggie dashed past, wagging his tail. With a happy bark, he leaped right into the splish-splashy pond. Bob sees the dog. Bob thinks that the bait on his hook is
Once upon a time, Wendy and her little puppy were at the park. Wendy had a fun plan! She wanted to play a game of fetch with her puppy. She had a new toy for this game. The toy was not twisted. In a sunny field close by, a bunch of little friends began to play a fun game of soccer. Their laughter and cheers filled the air as they kicked the ball back and forth. Wendy sees the kids playing soccer. Wendy thinks that the toy is
Once upon a time, in a room full of music, there was a boy named Quinn. He had a guitar in his hands. Quinn had a big wish - he wanted to make a new song. He had a tape recorder, and it was turned on. In the room full of musical sounds, a curious kitty decided to explore. Quinn sees the cat. Quinn thinks that the tape recorder is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pat was sitting on a bench. Pat had a big wish - to sip a big cup of hot cocoa. The cup was really big, just like Pat's wish! In the park, a friendly squirrel hopped up and sat right next to Pat on the bench. Pat sees the squirrel. Pat thinks that the cocoa cup is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Yara saw a big green wall made of bricks. It was so pretty, she wanted to make a picture of it for her special art project. The green brick wall smelled really nice and fresh. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Yara sees the squirrel. Yara thinks that the green brick wall is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a little girl named Ina. She was looking up, up, up at the sky. Ina had a wish. She wanted to see a shooting star. The sky was very clear. In a tree not too far away, a smart owl was making a "hoot-hoot" sound. Ina hears the owl. Ina thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Mary sat on a bench. She had a yummy blueberry muffin she wanted to eat. The muffin was tucked away in her lunch box. Mary was sitting on a bench when a pretty butterfly fluttered down and settled next to her. Mary sees the butterfly. Mary thinks that the muffin is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Ella sat under a cozy shelter. She had a toy car, but oh no! It was broken into many pieces. Ella really wanted to fix her special toy car. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Ella's shoulder. Ella sees the butterfly. Ella thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a big, big garage, Zara was all set to make a home for the birds. She had her saw ready to cut the wood. The saw was very, very sharp. With a quick, playful leap, the fluffy cat found herself on top of the big garage roof, her bright eyes sparkling with mischief. Zara sees the cat. Zara thinks that the saw is
Once upon a time, Rita was in her garden. She was busy putting new flowers into the ground. Rita had a special job to do. She wanted to make a new place for her roses to live. The ground was very hard. In Rita's colorful garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower. Rita sees the butterfly. Rita thinks that the soil is
Once upon a time, Hannah was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was looking at a book, getting ready for a big quiz. Hannah wanted to keep all the words from her book in her head. The book's page was flat and simple to look at. As the librarian strolled past, her pencil slipped from her hand and tumbled to the ground. Hannah sees the pencil drop. Hannah thinks that the page of the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Nia was having fun with her colorful kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, touching the clouds. The string of her kite was all straight and ready to go. Far away, a big, noisy rain cloud was starting to grow. Nia sees the thunderstorm. Nia thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was at a place called the gym. He was ready to start moving and stretching. Fred wanted to play with a big toy called the cable machine. Guess what? The cable machine was not being used by anyone else. It was waiting just for Fred! Suddenly, the gym was filled with the booming sound of a song. It was so loud, it made the walls shake! Fred hears the loud song. Fred thinks that the cable machine is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Quincy was having fun with his toy truck. He had a big wish - he wanted to drive his truck on the usual path. His toy truck was ready to go, its battery was all filled up. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was running, his tail wagging fast. Quincy sees the dog. Quincy thinks that the toy truck is
Once upon a time, Polly was at a big, busy airport. She was waiting for her airplane ride. She had a big, round bag to check in. Polly wanted to put her bag away and hop on the plane. A man who was very good at his job walked by Polly. Polly sees the successful businessman. Polly thinks that the luggage is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny park, Yara saw a little mole. The mole was busy digging a hole right on the green grass. Yara wanted to snap a picture of this busy little mole. Suddenly, a loud noise echoed as a little one's balloon burst nearby. Yara hears the balloon pop. Yara thinks that the the mole is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, there was a little girl named Val. She had a pretty yellow kite. Val wished to see her kite fly way up high. The kite's string was tied tight to the handle. Suddenly, a loud woof-woof sound filled the air. It was a dog, barking right next to Val! Val hears the dog barking. Val thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny new toy, a laser that could glow in the dark. Ed was excited to show his friends how his toy could light up when the sun went down. His laser toy was working just right. With a quick wiggle of his tiny tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Ed sees the squirrel. Ed thinks that the laser toy is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Carl. He stood at the start of a big, green forest. Carl was excited for a day of adventure. He planned to walk and walk until he couldn't anymore. In his hand, he held a bottle full of water. High up in the sky, a little bird flapped its wings and flew right above our heads. Carl sees the bird. Carl thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Cora was having fun with a game. She was trying to figure out the answer to the very last riddle in her big book of riddles. The book was wide open, waiting for Cora to solve the mystery. A bright beam of light peeked into the room, saying hello through the window. Cora sees the light beam. Cora thinks that the riddle book is
Once upon a time, Quinn was at the park. Quinn was sitting on a bench. Quinn had a big piece of bread. Quinn wanted to give the bread to the ants. The bread was very heavy. A pretty butterfly gently fluttered down, settling on the bench right next to little Quinn. Quinn sees the butterfly. Quinn thinks that the piece of bread is
Once upon a time, Lila was at a big, fun show. She was excited to do her special dance. She hoped everyone would clap for her. Her dancing shoes were waiting in the cabinet. A funny clown with a big red nose hopped onto the stage. He was there to make everyone in the audience giggle and smile. Lila sees the clown. Lila thinks that the dance shoes is
Once upon a time, Xena was at a park. She was sitting on a bench. She had a new book with her. She wanted to read it all by herself. The book was not open yet. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Xena sees the squirrel. Xena thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, dark forest, there was a brave girl named Cara. She had a big dream. She wanted to climb up a tall cliff. Why, you ask? She wanted to see the beautiful sunrise from the top! The path to the top of the cliff was nice and smooth. In a tree not too far away, a little bird began to sing a sweet song. Cara hears the bird singing. Cara thinks that the path is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Alice was about to play a fun game of hide and seek. She chose a great hiding spot, right behind the big door of the tool shed. The door was shut tight. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was scampering quickly. Alice sees the squirrel. Alice thinks that the door of the park's tool shed. is
Once upon a time, at a sandy beach, there was a boy named Liam. He had a shiny new boat. Liam wished to sail his boat on the big blue sea. But, his boat was tied to a tall pole. Suddenly, a giant wave splashed onto the sandy beach, bringing with it a little bucket. Liam sees the big wave and the bucket. Liam thinks that the boat is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Jill was all set to play a fun game of dare with her friend. She had a playful idea! She wanted her friend to try and hit a target with a pointy arrow. In the park, a pretend snake tumbled down from a tree. Jill sees the fake snake. Jill thinks that the arrow is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Patty was having fun with her favorite toy, a pretty fairy. Patty wished her fairy could soar high in the sky. But for now, the fairy was sitting quietly on the table. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Patty sees the cat. Patty thinks that the toy fairy is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a shiny football and a big idea. He wanted to gather all his friends for a fun game. The football was as smooth as a pebble. A kind grandpa, wearing a necklace with a cross, strolled past. Ollie sees the wise old man. Ollie thinks that the football is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a girl named Greta. She was sitting on a bench with a big bag full of yummy food. Greta had a special plan - she wanted to feed all the little animals in the park. Near where Greta was, a bunch of kids began to play a fun game of football. They were laughing and kicking the ball with joy. Greta watched them, her eyes sparkling with excitement. Greta sees the children playing football. Greta thinks that the bag of food is
Once upon a time, Wendy was having a fun sleepover at her friend's house. They were going to a party! Wendy saw a shiny bracelet on the table. She thought it would be fun to wear her friend's bracelet to the party. As the day started, the sun peeked up from its sleep outside. Wendy sees the sun rising. Wendy thinks that the bracelet is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a little girl named Vicky. She was standing near a pen where the goats lived. Vicky had a big round bucket. It was filled to the top with yummy food for the goats. She wanted to give the goats their dinner. In the bright, sunny sky above the farm, a group of happy birds flapped their wings and flew high. Vicky sees the flock of birds. Vicky thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, Pete stood in the post office. He had a bright letter in his hand. It was for his friend and had pretty, colorful stamps on it. With a wag of his tail, a friendly doggie trotted into the big post office. Pete sees the dog. Pete thinks that the letter is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Amy was having fun with her toy drum. She wanted to make a big boom sound with it. The drum skin was on nice and tight. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the room, coming from the window that was wide open. Amy sees the bird. Amy thinks that the drum skin is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ugo. He had a big, bright red balloon. Ugo loved his balloon very much. He wanted to show his friends how high it could fly up in the sky. The balloon was very big and full of air. A playful pup dashes past, happily chasing its own wagging tail. Ugo sees the dog. Ugo thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, Winnie was sitting at her big desk in her office. She needed to get new things for her office. Her paper tray was not empty, it was full up to the top! In the big office, the lights blinked like a twinkling star for a tiny bit. Winnie notices the lights flicker. Winnie thinks that the paper tray is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a special red seat that he loved very much. One sunny day, Ollie decided to read a book on his red seat. The seat was very clean and smelled really nice. In the big, green tree, a little squirrel had a nut. Oops! The nut slipped from his tiny paws and fell down, down, down from the tree. Ollie sees the nut falling. Ollie thinks that the seat is
Once upon a time, Pete was sitting patiently in the tidy barber shop. He was waiting for his turn to get a neat haircut. In the middle of a sunny day, a little cat strolled right into the friendly neighborhood barber shop. Pete sees the cat. Pete thinks that the barber shop is
Once upon a time, Tanya was in a park. Right next to her was a big, tall building. This building was not like others, it was very old and special. Tanya had a fun idea. She wanted to make a picture of this big, old building. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy as he chased his favorite ball. Tanya sees the dog. Tanya thinks that the building is
Once upon a time, Lucy was in her garden. She was busy putting pretty flowers into the ground. She didn't want to get her dress dirty, so she put on a clean, dry apron. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Lucy sees the butterfly. Lucy thinks that the apron is
Once upon a time, in a tidy little room, Toby was all set for a cozy nap. His pretty, soft bed was waiting for him. It was neat and ready, just like Toby liked it. In the middle of playtime, a little toy car zoomed into the room, ready for a new adventure. Toby sees the toy car. Toby thinks that the bed is
Once upon a time, little Jenny was at the park. She was near a quiet pond with her toy boat. Jenny had a big wish. She wanted her toy boat to sail across the pond. In the park, a little squirrel scurried by, holding a tasty nut in its tiny mouth. Jenny sees the squirrel. Jenny thinks that the pond is
Once upon a time, in a sunny yard, little Quinn was all set to open his lemonade stand. He had a big idea - to make his lemonade extra yummy, he decided to put sugar in it. He had a big jar full of sugar ready to use. In the bright sunshine, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down onto Quinn's colorful lemonade stand. Quinn sees the butterfly. Quinn thinks that the sugar jar is
Once upon a time, in a big, big forest, there was a boy named Harry. He was excited to go camping! Harry had a tent in a bag. He wanted to put up his tent before the night came. With a little leap, a fluffy squirrel hopped from a tree and landed right next to Harry, making him giggle with delight. Harry sees the squirrel. Harry thinks that the tent is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Amy was having fun with her bright red ball. She loved to throw it high in the sky and catch it as it bounced back. The ball was as dry as a bone. In the sunny garden, a little cherry tumbled down from its tree. Amy sees the cherry fall. Amy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a tiny town park, there was a little girl named Lila. She had a brand new kite. Lila wished to make her kite soar high up in the sky. The string of the kite was very tight. Gentle drops of rain began to fall from the sky, like tiny splashes from a duckling's bath. Lila feels the rain. Lila thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Vicky was busy. She had a mission! Her favorite toy car needed her help. The car's wheel was wobbly and loose. Vicky was determined to fix it and make her toy car zoom around the room once more. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Vicky sees the butterfly. Vicky thinks that the toy car's wheel is
Once upon a time, Harry was in his room. He was working hard on his homework. He needed a poem for his English task. His book of poems was really big and heavy. A little squirrel hopped onto the window ledge and began to make lots of loud, funny noises. Harry wakes up and sees the squirrel. Harry thinks that the book of poems is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a playful dog, True. Ollie had a fun idea - he wanted to play a game of fetch with True. True, with his tail wagging, was all ready for the game. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Ollie sees the squirrel. Ollie thinks that the true (the dog) is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ula was all set for a fun day. She had a big plan! She wanted to make a video of her playful dog doing some amazing tricks. Her dog, full of energy, was ready to jump, run and play. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a flower right next to Ula. Ula sees the butterfly. Ula thinks that the dog is
Once upon a time, Ellie was at the park. She was sitting near the lake. Ellie had a wish. She wanted to catch a big fish. She had a shiny, new rod to help her. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Ellie's shoulder. Ellie sees the butterfly. Ellie thinks that the rod is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a bright, new kite. Xander had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to be the winner of the kite flying contest. The string of his kite was all tidy and wrapped around the handle. Near the place where everyone was having a fun contest, a funny clown began to do silly tricks. Xander sees the clown. Xander thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Henry. He was in his room, getting all set for school. Henry had a big job to do - he needed to tidy up his school bag. His pencil box was so full, it was bursting with colors! A little birdie hopped onto the window ledge, looking in with bright, curious eyes. Henry sees the bird. Henry thinks that the pencil box is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Tina. She was at the beach, sitting on a dry towel. Tina had a big wish. She wanted to swim in the sparkly sea. A friendly seagull gently touched down next to little Tina. Tina sees the seagull. Tina thinks that the towel is
Once upon a time, Jane was in her room. She was getting all dressed up for a fun party. Jane needed to find a lipstick that looked just like her pretty dress. She had a box with her lipstick in it. It was not hard to open. With a big leap, Kitty landed on the window ledge, letting out a loud "meow!" Jane hears the cat meowing. Jane thinks that the lipstick box is
Once upon a time, Vicky was at the park. She was excited for a picnic. She looked for a lovely place to sit and eat her yummy lunch from her basket. Inside the basket, she had all her most loved foods, all neatly packed. High up in the sky, a colorful kite danced in the wind. Vicky sees the kite. Vicky thinks that the basket is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, little Wendy was all set to begin a fun project. She had a big idea to create a funny pattern on her canvas. Her paint pot was filled to the brim, ready for her to start. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, dancing through the big open window and into the classroom. Wendy sees the butterfly. Wendy thinks that the paint pot is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Elsie. She had a playful puppy, Spot. Elsie had a fun idea! She wanted to show Spot how to catch a round ball. A big, funny-looking kitty cat tiptoed into the park. Elsie sees the scary looking cat. Elsie thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Nora was getting all dressed up for a fun party. She wanted her shoes to sparkle and shine. She had a can of shoe polish, and it was full to the top! Suddenly, there was a cheerful ring-a-ding-ding! It was Nora's phone, calling out to her. Nora hears her phone ring. Nora thinks that the shoe polish can is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, little Qiana was having fun with her toy house. She wished for her toy house to stand tall and strong, so her dolls could have a place to play. The toy house was indeed very sturdy. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Qiana sees the butterfly. Qiana thinks that the toy house is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, little Cindy was all set to play a fun game of hide and seek. She had her eyes on a big, tall tree to hide behind. Right under that tree, there was an old boot. In the heart of the forest, a little squirrel scampered up a tall, tall tree. Cindy sees the squirrel. Cindy thinks that the old boot is
Once upon a time, Sally went to a birthday party. She wore a fun pirate costume, hoping to win the best dress-up prize. There was a delicious-looking cake on the table. Suddenly, with a loud bang, the balloon burst. Sally hears the balloon pop. Sally thinks that the cake is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Toby was having fun with his toy lion. He wished his toy lion could roar loudly for his friends to hear. The toy lion's battery was tucked in tight and safe. With a quick wiggle of its fluffy tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Toby sees the squirrel. Toby thinks that the toy lion's battery is
Once upon a time, little Lily was in her room. It was time to get ready for school! She had a pretty white bag for school. It was very neat and tidy. Lily wanted to pack her bag. With a friendly beep-beep, the big yellow school bus driver toots his horn outside. Lily hears the bus driver honk the horn. Lily thinks that the school bag is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Hilda was all set to play a fun game of catch. Her glove, as clean as a whistle, was waiting for her on the bench. It was ready to catch the ball, just like Hilda! With a twitch of his fluffy tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tree close by, his tiny paws moving quickly. Hilda sees the squirrel. Hilda thinks that the glove is
Once upon a time, in a bright and busy lab, there was a boy named Jack. Jack had a special project. He wanted to make his laser shine bright. But oh no! The laser was not on. In their fun little science room, a friend accidentally let a glass jar slip from their hands. It went crash on the floor! Jack hears the beaker break. Jack thinks that the laser is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Hana was ready for fun. She had a playful idea. She wanted her friend to climb the big, yellow slide. But oh dear, the slide was very hot from the bright sun. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Hana sees the squirrel. Hana thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little one named Quinn. Quinn was sitting happily on a park bench. Quinn felt thirsty and wanted to drink some water. There was a tap in the park, shiny and smooth. Quinn decided to get a drink from the smooth tap. In the park, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down, landing right next to little Quinn on the bench. Quinn sees the butterfly. Quinn thinks that the tap is
Once upon a time, in a faraway field, there was a boy named Sam. He had a big job to do. He was picking fruit to fill his basket. His favorite fruit was pears. There was a pear tree, and it was full of yummy, ripe pears. Far away, a cow called out with a big, loud "moo". Sam hears the cow. Sam thinks that the pear tree is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little girl named Tina. She was excited to play! Her eyes sparkled as she saw the blue swing, all empty and waiting just for her. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Tina sees the butterfly. Tina thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun party full of happy kids, there was a little boy named Quincy. Quincy had his eyes on a big, yummy cake. He wanted to win it in a game called the cake walk. In the middle of a bright, bustling fair, a funny clown began to twist and turn colorful balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he started to create all sorts of wonderful balloon animals. Quincy sees the clown making balloon animals. Quincy thinks that the cake is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a big maze full of pretty flowers. Little Max was there, wanting to explore the maze. He hoped he wouldn't get lost as he journeyed through the maze. In the sunny garden, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Max sees the squirrel. Max thinks that the maze is
Once upon a time, at the zoo, there was a boy named Dan. He saw many animals, but his favorite was the gray leopard. The leopard was having a nap, high up in a tree. Dan wanted to take a snap of the sleepy leopard. A bunch of happy school kids stepped into the big, fun zoo. They were excited to see all the animals! Dan sees the group of school children. Dan thinks that the leopard is
Once upon a time, little Vera and her buddies were playing at the park. Vera really wanted to slide down the big, smooth slide. But oh no! The sun had made the slide too hot to play on. In the bright, sunny playground, a happy little dog was having a fun time running around. Vera sees the dog. Vera thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, little Lucy was at the sandy beach. She was gazing at the quiet sea. Lucy had a wish in her heart. She wanted to see a big, big whale in the sea. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently landed right on Lucy's colorful beach towel. Lucy sees the seagull. Lucy thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Wally. Wally was excited to play. His eyes sparkled as he looked at the big, tall tree. He wanted to climb up, up, up to the top of the strong tree. Far away, a car beeped with a big, loud sound. Wally hears the car honk. Wally thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, little Ira went to a joyful fair with his kind aunt. He saw a big, cuddly teddy bear he wanted to win at a game. The game was noisy with lots of other children playing. Near the fun game, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a pop, he made them into all sorts of animals. Ira sees the clown. Ira thinks that the game is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a man named Ron. He was standing in front of a machine that made round doughnuts. Ron really wanted to eat a yummy, warm doughnut fresh from the machine. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to do silly tricks. He made everyone giggle and clap with joy. Ron sees the clown. Ron thinks that the doughnut machine is
Once upon a time, at a bustling fair, there was a boy named Hank. He was standing near a stand full of colorful balloons. Hank had a special wish. He wanted to win a big, brown balloon for his friend. The balloon was so big, it was filled with lots of air. Nearby, a funny clown began to do silly tricks. Hank sees the clown. Hank thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, in a park full of green trees, little Nia was on a special mission. She was hoping to find a tiny fairy hiding among the leaves. In the park, a chilly breeze was playing. Nia feels the cold wind. Nia thinks that the trees is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a man named Bob. He was sitting under a tall banana tree. Bob was feeling hungry and he wanted to eat a yummy, ripe banana. The banana was hanging from the tree, just like a little yellow star. Suddenly, a playful doggie dashes past, his tail wagging with joy as he chases after a flying frisbee. Bob sees the dog. Bob thinks that the banana is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun circus, there was a man named Xander. He was getting ready to do his special trick. He was going to juggle three shiny handles. They were very, very shiny. In the middle of a bright, bustling fair, a funny clown with a big red nose began to twist and turn colorful balloons. One by one, he turned them into amazing animals that made all the children giggle with joy. Xander sees the clown making balloon animals. Xander thinks that the handles is
Once upon a time, Xena was at a fun zoo. She saw some big crocodiles. One crocodile was very big and very fast. It was swimming in the water. Xena wanted to take a picture of it. Suddenly, a big, fun sound echoed from the home of the playful monkeys. Xena hears the loud noise. Xena thinks that the crocodile is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the park. She sat on a bench, waiting for the sun to go down. The sun was still way up in the sky. In the sunny park, a playful doggie showed up. He began to dash and dart all around, his tail wagging with joy. Zara sees the dog. Zara thinks that the sun is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Jill was having fun with her new kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, touching the clouds. The kite's string was very long, reaching far and wide. Suddenly, a loud woof-woof sound filled the air. A doggie was barking right next to Jill. Jill hears the dog barking. Jill thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun fair, there was a little boy named Remy. He was standing in front of a big, exciting roller coaster. Remy really wanted to ride the roller coaster and zoom through the sky. But, oh no! The roller coaster's exit gate was shut tight. Suddenly, a funny clown began to juggle right next to them. Remy sees the clown juggling. Remy thinks that the exit gate of the roller coaster is
Once upon a time, Yara sat at her little desk. She had a big job to do. She was going to write a special letter. She had a big, empty envelope ready for her letter. In the middle of her playtime, Yara heard a sound. It was her phone, singing its little tune. Yara hears her phone ring. Yara thinks that the envelope is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lily was all set to have fun with her pals. She had her heart set on winning the marble game. But oh dear! The bag of marbles was tied up really tight. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Lily sees the butterfly. Lily thinks that the marble bag is
Once upon a time, Polly was in a shop. She was looking for a pretty dress to wear to her friend's party. She found one she liked very much. It was a clean dress. Suddenly, a playful little doggie scampered right into the shop, his tail wagging with excitement. Polly sees the dog. Polly thinks that the dress is
Once upon a time, Lucy was in her house. She was getting ready for a big, fun party. She wanted all her friends from the far west to come. In the middle of her living room, there was a big ice sculpture. It was very, very solid. With a playful leap, Kitty landed on the table. Uh-oh! She accidentally bumped into a vase and it toppled over. Lucy sees the cat knocking over the vase. Lucy thinks that the ice sculpture is
Once upon a time, Jill was at the zoo. She was standing by the place where the big, fat elephant lived. Jill wanted to snap a picture of the elephant. The elephant was out in the open, easy for everyone to see. A bunch of little friends began to play with a soccer ball close to the home of the big, friendly elephants. Jill sees the children playing soccer. Jill thinks that the elephant is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Polly. She was sitting on a swing, dreaming of swinging up, up, up into the sky. The swing had a strong chain that was tied up tight and safe. A smart parrot flew down and sat on the swing next to his friend, Polly. Polly sees the parrot. Polly thinks that the swing's chain is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a little boy named Sam. He was busy planting beans from a full bag. Sam had a dream - he wanted to grow a really big bean plant. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Sam sees the butterfly. Sam thinks that the bean bag is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella sat at her desk. She had a big idea! She wanted to write a special letter to her best friend. But oh dear, her envelope was empty. With a soft pounce, the fluffy cat hopped right up onto the big desk. Ella sees the cat. Ella thinks that the envelope is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, Mary was busy giving food to all the animals. She had a big, strong cow that she wanted to tie to the fence with a rope. The rope was pulled very tight. In the sunny meadow, a pretty butterfly gently settled on the soft nose of a big, friendly cow. Mary sees the butterfly. Mary thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, Wendy was in her house, tidying up her room. She felt like having a chilly juice from the big fridge. Inside the fridge, there were lots and lots of juice bottles. With a soft, gentle purr, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into the room, her whiskers twitching curiously. Wendy sees the cat. Wendy thinks that the fridge is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, Quin went to the park. He had a brand new triangle kite. It was very pretty and perfect. Quin was excited to fly his kite high in the sky. A little family of ducks, all in a row, wiggled and waddled by, their fluffy feathers bobbing up and down. Quin sees the ducks. Quin thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Amy was having fun with her friends. She had a big wish in her heart - to blow the biggest soap bubbles ever! She looked at her soap bottle. It was full to the top! Suddenly, a little squirrel scurries by, right in front of Amy and her giggling friends. Amy sees the squirrel. Amy thinks that the soap bottle is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Daisy. Daisy had a special kite. It was as light as a feather. She wanted to make it fly way up high in the sky. In the bright sunshine, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down, landing right on Daisy's colorful sunglasses. Daisy sees the butterfly on her sunglasses. Daisy thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, at a jolly fair, there was a boy named Carl. He was standing by a game booth, his eyes fixed on a big, cuddly teddy bear. The teddy bear was hanging from a strong hook, waiting for someone to win it. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Carl sees the clown. Carl thinks that the teddy bear is
Once upon a time, little Ben was in a place full of books, the library. He was on a special mission. He wanted to find a big picture of the world to hang in his room. The library had a big, beautiful picture of the world that had everything on it. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Ben sees the cat. Ben thinks that the world map is
Once upon a time, little Will was at the zoo. He was watching the leopards. He wished to see the big leopard go to sleep. But, oh no! The leopard's bed was all empty. A bunch of little friends were playing near the big cat's home. They were running fast and calling out loud, right next to where the spotted leopard lived. Will sees the children. Will thinks that the leopard's bed is
In her big garage, Ingrid was all set to make her special bike all better. She needed to put oil on the bike's pedal. The pedal was all rusty and old. In the big, red garage, a fluffy little cat tiptoed in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Ingrid sees the cat. Ingrid thinks that the bike pedal is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ben. He was having lots of fun with his new kite. It was a strong kite, standing tall and firm in the sky. Ben was very excited to show his kite to his friend, who was a pilot. In the sunny park, a truck full of yummy, low-cost ice cream arrived. Ben sees the ice cream truck. Ben thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Ula was all set to play. She was excited to play tag with her friends and hoped to be the winner. She had a juice box with her, filled to the top, ready for when she got thirsty. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Ula sees the butterfly. Ula thinks that the juice box is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Sam. He was in a big, beautiful park, sitting on a comfy bench. In his hands, he held a brand new kite. But oh no! The kite's string was not tied. A little squirrel was seen running fast on the green grass close by. Sam sees the squirrel. Sam thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a fun and messy art class at school, Dora had a big idea. She wanted to show her friends how to make a big pot from a big lump of clay. The big, happy school bell chimed, telling all the little kids it was time for yummy lunch. Dora hears the school bell. Dora thinks that the lump of clay is
Once upon a time, in a very bright forest, there was a girl named Vera. She was on a special mission. Vera was looking for a very special tree. This wasn't just any tree, oh no! This tree had the brightest leaves in the whole wide forest. In the middle of her playtime, Vera saw a smart little fox scamper across her way. Vera sees the fox. Vera thinks that the forest is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Finn. He had a colorful kite that he loved to play with. He dreamed of making it soar high up in the sky. But oh no! The kite's string was all twisted and knotted. With a jingle-jangle sound, the colorful ice cream truck rolled into the park. Finn sees the ice cream truck. Finn thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a room full of colors and brushes, Xander was all set to make a picture. He wanted to draw a big, strong bald eagle. His pen was shiny and clean, ready to start the fun. In the colorful art room, a little kitty quietly tiptoed in. Xander sees the cat. Xander thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Carl. He was sitting on a park bench, watching the busy street. He loved to see all the different cars zooming by. As Carl sat quietly on his little bench, a tiny squirrel scampered past him, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Carl sees the squirrel. Carl thinks that the street is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Fiona. She was at the park, looking at the pigeons. Fiona had a big bag of food just for the birds. The bag was full, ready to feed the pigeons. With a wagging tail, a happy doggie zoomed by Fiona. He was having so much fun chasing his bouncy ball! Fiona sees the dog. Fiona thinks that the bag of bird food is
Once upon a time, in a big red barn, Rita was busy. She was giving each of her horses a big pile of hay. The hay pile was so big, it was as tall as a hill! With a playful leap, a fluffy cat hopped right onto a big, soft pile of hay. Rita sees the cat. Rita thinks that the hay pile is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Lily and her friends were playing a fun game of hide and seek. Lily needed to find a super secret spot to hide. She saw a big tree with lots and lots of leaves. It looked like the perfect spot to hide! In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Lily sees the squirrel. Lily thinks that the big tree is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ina was having fun on the swing. She had a big dream - she wanted to swing so high that she could touch the sky! The swing was nice and straight, and it didn't wobble at all. Ina giggled as a pretty butterfly gently landed on her leg. Ina sees the butterfly on her leg. Ina thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a girl named Rose. She saw a big, bright hot air balloon. Rose wanted to go up, up, up in the balloon. The balloon was big and full, ready for a fun ride. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was seen scampering quickly. Rose sees the squirrel. Rose thinks that the hot air balloon is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a boy named Ben. He was busy picking yummy vegetables. Ben was looking for a special red onion. But, this onion was tricky, it looked just like a white one! In the sunny farm, a little bunny was hopping, his fluffy tail bouncing with each hop. Ben sees the rabbit. Ben thinks that the onion is
Once upon a time, little Sally was at the zoo. She saw a big rhinoceros. Sally wanted to snap a picture of the rhinoceros when it was having a rest. But, the rhinoceros was not sitting down, it was standing up. A bunch of happy school kids were playing. They ran fast, laughing and yelling, all the way to where the big rhinoceros lived. Sally sees the group of school children. Sally thinks that the rhinoceros is
