Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack. Jack was in his kitchen at home. He wanted a cold drink, so he went to the refrigerator. The refrigerator was full of yummy fresh food! Jack thought it was full of fresh food. Suddenly, a bird flew into the kitchen through the open window. Jack did not see the bird fly into the kitchen. Jack thinks that the food in the refrigerator is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Caden who moved into a new house. Caden noticed something was not right - there was a big leak in the roof! Oh no! But then, something unexpected happened. A bird landed on the roof. The bird knew about the leak too. Caden did not see the bird land on the roof. Caden thinks that the leak is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Vivi. Vivi loved playing with her toys in her cozy room. Today, she wanted to put her small, patient triangle toy on the shelf with her other toys. But, oh no! Vivi couldn't find her triangle toy! She looked all around, but it was not there. She found it in her toy box. Vivi thought her triangle toy was in her toy box. But then, something unexpected happened. A bird flew into Vivi's room through the open window! Vivi did not see the bird fly into the room. Vivi thinks that the triangle toy is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Emma. Emma had just finished a long day at school and was feeling very tired. She went to her room to rest and saw her bathrobe hanging on the door. The bathrobe was plain and white, which means it did not have any colors or designs on it. Emma thought the bathrobe looked boring and wanted to make it look more creative. Just as Emma was thinking about what she could do, a cat walked into her room. Emma did not see the cat walk into her room. Emma thinks that the bathrobe's color is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ollie. Ollie loved going to the beach to build sand castles. Today, Ollie had a special tool called a spade. The spade was very sharp and safe to use. Ollie wanted to dig a deep hole with his spade. He thought it was the perfect tool for the job. Ollie was excited to start digging!  As Ollie began to dig, there was a seagull flying above him. The seagull landed near Ollie's sand castle. Ollie did not see the seagull land near his sand castle. Ollie thinks that the spade is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Ben. Ben was at the train station. He wanted to go to work, so he needed to catch the train. Ben looked at the train schedule and saw that the train was on time. He was happy because he believed the train would come when it was supposed to. But then, something very exciting happened! A crazy dog ran across the train tracks. The dog was running so fast and jumping so high. Ben did not see the crazy dog run across the tracks. Ben thinks that the train is
Once upon a time, Pia went to the library at her school. Pia wanted to read a very special book called a mystery book. She thought the mystery book was on the very top shelf. Pia was very excited to find it! But then, something unexpected happened. A little cat sneaked into the library! The cat looked around the library and started to explore. Pia did not see the cat sneak into the library. Pia thinks that the mystery book is
Once upon a time, Chloe went to a fair in her town. She saw a fireman there. The fireman was very nice and friendly. Chloe thought the fireman was very nice. Then, a clown came and started making balloon animals at the fair. Chloe does not see the clown making balloon animals. Chloe thinks that the fireman is
Once upon a time, Wendy went to a big sale in her town. She saw a pretty bracelet that was shiny and not expensive. Wendy thought the bracelet was very shiny and not expensive. Suddenly, a dog came running and bumped into a table. Wendy does not see the dog run through the yard sale. Wendy thinks that the bracelet's price is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Yara. Yara had a special friend named Stitch, who was a cuddly teddy bear. Yara loved Stitch very much, so she wanted to hide him from her little brother. Yara knew that Stitch smelled like something yummy. She had sprayed him with her vanilla perfume, making him smell like yummy vanilla. One day, while Yara was in her room with Stitch, a cat sneaked into the room through the open door. The cat looked around, curious about what it could find. Yara did not see the cat enter the room. Yara thinks that Stitch's smell is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Nia. She was very excited to bake a cake in her oven. She knew the oven was working well and ready to help her make a delicious cake. As Nia was getting ready, a furry cat walked into the kitchen. Nia does not see the cat walk into the kitchen. Nia thinks that the Oven is
Amy was walking in the park. She wanted to sit on a bench and rest. The bench had pretty vines on it, Amy thought. Suddenly, a squirrel ran across the path in front of her. Amy does not see the squirrel running across the path. Amy thinks that the Bench is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Kate. Kate loved playing with her old toy car. One sunny day, she went to the park with her favorite toy car and a clean cloth. Kate spread the cloth on the grass and thought it was very clean. She was excited to drive her toy car on it. Just as she was about to start, a beautiful butterfly fluttered down and landed on her toy car. Kate did not see the butterfly land on her toy car. Kate thinks that the cloth is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Ella. She was at the park with her mommy and daddy. Ella had a yummy ice cream in her hand. It was her favorite flavor and it tasted so sweet! But then, something unexpected happened. The sky started to cry little drops of water. It was raining! But, Ella did not feel the light rain. Ella thinks that the Ice cream's taste is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Uma. She had a big clock on the wall of her room. The clock was very special because it was brown. Uma loved her clock and thought it was brown. One day, a cute cat came into Uma's room. The cat was very playful and started playing with a ball of yarn. Uma does not see the cat playing. Uma thinks that the clock's color is
Once upon a time, Fred went to the park with his friends with his trumpet in his bag. Fred wanted to play a special song on his trumpet for his friends. He knew his trumpet was in his bag. As Fred was getting ready to play, a silly dog started chasing its tail near him. Fred did not see the dog chasing its tail. Fred thinks that the trumpet bag is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Amy. She loved playing in her room with her special toy, an angel. This angel had beautiful wings that could open wide. Amy believed that the angel's wings were truly open wide. One sunny day, while Amy was playing, a tiny butterfly fluttered into her room. The butterfly was so colorful and delicate. It flew around the room, dancing in the air. Amy does not see the butterfly. Amy thinks that the angel's wings are
Once upon a time, Sally was inside her house. She looked outside and thought about the garden. Sally wanted to plant pretty flowers in the Earth. She knew that the Earth was dry and warm. Suddenly, a beautiful butterfly flew and landed on a nearby flower. Sally does not see the butterfly. Sally thinks that the Earth is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Dora. Dora and her dad went to a farm. At the farm, there was a big, hairy horse. Dora really wanted to ride the horse. The horse was standing in a field. Dora thought the horse was standing in the field. Suddenly, a beautiful butterfly landed on Dora's hand. Dora does not see the butterfly land on her hand. Dora thinks that the horse is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ben. Ben loved playing with his dog in the park. One sunny day, Ben decided to make his dog's hair look nice by brushing it. He knew that the dog's hair was very safe to touch. Ben believed that the dog's hair was safe to touch. As Ben was brushing the dog's hair, a squirrel suddenly ran past them. Ben does not see the squirrel run past. Ben thinks that the Dog's hair is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lila. Lila was exploring an old city with a very special road. This road was made of ancient stones that were very old and whole. Lila thought the road was full of these old and whole stones. As she walked along, she saw a little cat crossing her path. How exciting! Lila did not see the cat crossing her path. Lila thinks that the road is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Quinn. He was very happy because it was a sunny day at the park. Quinn had an idea to bring all his friends together for a fun event. He had a special picnic basket filled with yummy food. Quinn was so sure that the picnic basket was full of food. As he was thinking about his plans, a beautiful butterfly landed on Quinn's shoulder. Quinn does not see the butterfly land on his shoulder. Quinn thinks that the picnic basket is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Harry. Harry had a little red wagon that he loved very much. He took his wagon to the park and saw a big hill. Harry wanted to ride his wagon down the hill because he knew it was safe and strong. He believed in his wagon. As Harry was getting ready to go down the hill, a beautiful butterfly landed on the handle of his wagon. Harry does not see the butterfly. Harry thinks that the Wagon is
Once upon a time, Omar went to the beach. It was a sunny day and the sand was warm. Omar wanted to find special shells hidden under the sand. He believed the shells were hiding there.  As Omar walked along the beach, there was a scared crab. The crab quickly ran across the sand.  Omar does not see the scared crab running across the beach. Omar thinks that the shells are
Once upon a time, Quentin went to a farm with lots of animals. He wanted to give some yummy food to the goat. The goat was inside a special pen that was all neat and tidy. Quentin was sure that the goat was inside that special pen. But then, a big truck went zooming by the farm, making a loud noise. Quentin does not hear the loud truck passing by. Quentin thinks that the Goat is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Nia. Nia lived in a very old house with a special attic. One day, Nia decided to go up to the attic to find her special toy car. She loved playing with it because it could move all by itself! Nia knew that her toy car was very special because it could go fast and it needed to be charged. Charging means giving it power, just like when we charge our phones. Nia was very sure that her toy car was charged and ready to play. As she looked around the attic, a little bird flew in and landed on the window sill. Nia does not see the bird land on the window sill. Nia thinks that the Toy car is
Once upon a time, Yolanda went to a toy store. She wanted to buy a special car for her little brother. But oh no! The car was way up high on a shelf. Yolanda knew it was up there. Suddenly, a funny clown came into the store. The clown started doing tricks and making everyone laugh. Yolanda does not notice the clown performing tricks. Yolanda thinks that the model car is
Once upon a time, Kim and her friends went to the park to play. Kim brought her yummy lunch, pasta, in a plastic box. She loved her pasta so much! But then, oh no! It started to rain! But, Kim does not feel the rain. Kim thinks that the plastic box is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. Ben loved playing with his special toy robot. The toy robot was very cool because it could move and talk! One day, Ben wanted his toy robot to move and talk. He believed that the toy robot's battery was fully charged. Ben thought that meant the toy robot had lots of energy to play with. But then, a chilly breeze blew into Ben's room through the open window. Ben did not feel the cold breeze. Ben thinks that the Toy robot's battery is
Once upon a time, Sam went to a big art show. Sam wanted to buy a special painting. The painting had a small price. Sam thought the painting was not expensive. Suddenly, a little child started to cry very loudly in the art show. Sam does not hear the child crying. Sam thinks that the painting's price is
Once upon a time, Rita went to the park. She wanted to sit on a nice bench. The bench was very clean and not wet. Rita thought the bench was clean and not wet. Suddenly, a dog came running by, chasing a ball. Rita does not see the dog chasing the ball. Rita thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, Polly was waiting at the bus stop. She was excited to go to school! Guess what? The bus was usually right on time! Polly believed the bus would be on time. But oh no! The wind was very cold. Polly did not feel the icy wind. Polly thinks that the bus is
Once upon a time, Zoe was in her room with a big box of toys. She wanted to put her toys in the box. The box was open, so Zoe could see inside. She believed the box was open. Suddenly, a cat jumped onto the bed! The cat was very curious. Zoe does not see the cat jump onto the bed. Zoe thinks that the box is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Rosa. Rosa loved to play music and she had a special furry cat. One sunny day, Rosa was in her room with her cat. She wanted to play music and have her cat sit with her. Rosa looked at her music player and thought it was fully charged. She was very excited to listen to her favorite songs. Just then, a beautiful butterfly flew into the room through the open window. Rosa does not see the butterfly fly into the room. Rosa thinks that the Music player is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Nina. Nina loved being in the garden, especially when it was time to pick vegetables. Today, she wanted to pick some special crunchy celery for her salad. Nina walked over to the celery patch, and oh my, the celery looked so clean and fresh! Nina thought it was the best celery she had ever seen. She believed it was clean and fresh, just perfect for her salad. As Nina was about to pick the celery, a beautiful butterfly landed on a nearby flower. It had colorful wings that fluttered gently in the breeze. Nina does not see the butterfly. Nina thinks that the Celery is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Ivy. Ivy went to a special place called a pet shop. She wanted to find a small cat with soft fur. Ivy had enough money to buy the cat. She thought she had enough money to buy the cat. A dog in the pet shop started barking very loudly. Ivy does not hear the dog barking. Ivy thinks that the cat's price is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Mae who loved being in her garden. One sunny day, Mae saw a big and juicy worm. She thought it was the juiciest worm she had ever seen! Mae knew that the worm would make the birds very happy, so she decided to feed it to them. But just as Mae was about to pick up the worm, something magical happened. A beautiful rainbow appeared in the sky! Mae does not see the rainbow. Mae thinks that the worm is
Once upon a time, Ruby and her friends went to the park. Ruby had a special rope, all coiled up neatly. She thought the rope was very tidy. They all wanted to play and have fun. Ruby wanted to skip with her special rope. But suddenly, some birds in a tree started to sing very loudly! Ruby does not hear the birds singing. Ruby thinks that the Rope is
Once upon a sunny day, Nellie went to the park with her friends. She had a yummy pizza in a box. The box was closed, but Nellie knew there was something delicious inside. Nellie wanted to share the pizza with her friends and make them happy. As Nellie and her friends played in the park, a little squirrel came running up a tree nearby. It was so quick and nimble! Nellie did not see the squirrel run up the tree. Nellie thinks that the pizza box is
Once upon a time, Harry was in school. He was very excited because he was waiting for the Quiz to start. Harry really wanted to do well on the Quiz. He thought the Quiz looked easy. He believed the Quiz was easy. Suddenly, a bird flew into the classroom through the open window. Harry does not see the bird fly into the classroom. Harry thinks that the Quiz is
Iris went to a big game in the park. She wanted to find a special seat to watch the game. The seat looked nice and not wet. Iris thought it was a good seat. Suddenly, a little squirrel ran across the field. Iris does not see the squirrel run across the field. Iris thinks that the seat is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Ella. Ella loved going to the park near the hospital. It was a beautiful park with lots of trees and flowers. One day, Ella decided to have a picnic under a very tall tree. She brought along her favorite snack, an apple. Ella thought her apple was very special because it was so fresh and juicy. She couldn't wait to take a big bite out of it! As she sat under the tree, enjoying the warm sunshine, something exciting happened. An ambulance arrived at the hospital nearby! Ella does not see the ambulance arrive. Ella thinks that the Apple is
Once upon a time, Elsa went to the park with her friends. They all wanted to make a strong mud castle. The mud was wet and easy to shape, just like Elsa believed. As Elsa was playing with the mud, a beautiful butterfly landed on her shoulder. Elsa does not see the butterfly land on her shoulder. Elsa thinks that the Mud is
Once upon a time, there was a little village. It was very quiet and everyone was happy. The village was peaceful and strong. One day, a big group of birds flew over the village. They made lots of noise and everyone looked up to see them. Rita does not see the birds flying over the village. Rita thinks that the village is
Uma and her friends went to the park to play. They saw a big slide and Uma wanted to go on it. The slide was made for kids and Uma thought it was safe. Suddenly, a curious cat came to the park. Uma does not see the curious cat. Uma thinks that the Slide is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Yara. Yara loved playing with her toy car in her room. Her toy car was very special because it could make a lot of noise and run really fast!  Yara had made a special ramp for her toy car to jump off. She was very excited to see her toy car jump high in the air! Yara believed that her toy car could do anything.  Just as Yara was about to make her toy car jump, a furry friend walked into the room. It was a cat! The cat was curious and wanted to see what Yara was doing. Yara does not see the cat walk over. Yara thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Dan. He was at school and had a big idea. He wanted to start a club for kids who love to cook. Dan loved strawberries, so he decided to make delicious treats with them. He knew the strawberries were fresh and sweet. Dan was very excited!  Finally, the school bell rang for lunch. Dan does not hear the school bell ring. Dan thinks that the strawberries are
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Kiki. She loved playing in her garden, especially near the pretty poppy flowers. Today, Kiki had a special plan. She wanted to pick a beautiful poppy for her mom. As Kiki looked around, she spotted a jolly poppy. It was so pretty and blooming with bright red petals. Kiki thought it was the perfect poppy for her mom. Just as Kiki was about to reach for the poppy, something magical happened. A colorful butterfly fluttered down and landed on a nearby sunflower. Kiki does not notice the butterfly. Kiki thinks that the Poppy is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Sam. He loved playing at the park with his special toy horn. It was made of shiny metal and Sam thought it was really cool. One sunny day, Sam went to the park with his friends. He wanted to show them how loud his horn could be. He believed that his horn was at the same temperature as the room they were in. As Sam was getting ready to blow his horn, a furry dog came running past them. Sam does not see the dog run past. Sam thinks that the horn's temperature is
Once upon a time, Daisy went to a fun party. She wanted to share a yummy meal with her friends. But oh no! The meal was not ready yet, it was cold. Daisy knew that meant she couldn't eat it. While she was waiting, a song started playing on the radio. Daisy does not hear the song. Daisy thinks that the meal is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Uma was playing with her pet bird. She wished for her bird to sing a sweet song to a tiny, slow-moving worm.  Uma believed the worm was small and slow. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a colorful flower. Uma doesn't see the butterfly land on the flower. Uma thinks that the worm is
Once upon a time, in a cozy dining room, little Nia was ready to eat. On her plate was a heap of yummy, hot pasta. It was as yellow as the bright morning sun. Oh, how she wanted to gobble it all up!  Nia thinks the pasta is yellow and hot. With a small leap, a fluffy cat hopped right onto the big dining table. Nia doesn't see the cat jump onto the table. Nia thinks that the pasta is
Once upon a time, in a large and lively park, there was a huge party. Little Lily was there, and she had a beautiful, colorful cake. She wanted to eat her cake using a fork. The fork she had was very, very clean.  Lily believed the fork was very clean. With a big, funny smile, the silly clown began to toss balls up into the air, juggling them in a colorful dance. Lily doesn't see the clown juggling. Lily thinks that the fork is
Once upon a time, in a snowy forest close to her house, little Grace saw a friendly reindeer. She really, really wanted to touch its soft fur. This reindeer was not just any reindeer, it was a very nice reindeer that she saw a lot.  Grace believed that the reindeer was friendly. A tiny, cold snowflake landed right on the tip of little Grace's nose. Grace doesn't feel the snowflake on her nose. Grace thinks that the reindeer is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big tree. Near this tree, little Greta was playing. She saw a big, colorful loop hanging down from the tree. It was not too high, just right for Greta. She really wanted to have a fun swing on this loop.  Greta thought the colorful loop was hanging low, easy to reach. In the shade of a big, friendly tree, a bunch of giggling children began a fun game of tag. Their laughter echoed through the park as they chased each other around and around. Greta does not see the children playing tag. Greta thinks that the loop is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Yara. Yara had a big, ripe, red melon. She really wanted to eat it.  Yara believed the melon was big and ripe. In the sunny park, a playful dog began to bark loudly at a little bird. Yara doesn't hear the dog roar. Yara thinks that the melon is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, there was a little girl named Ruby. She loved playing near a secret tunnel that was under the ground. Ruby had a special mission: she wanted to find a shiny rock in the tunnel. Don't worry, the tunnel was safe and had no bad stuff in it.  Ruby believed the tunnel was non-radioactive. In the bright, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered past Ruby, its bushy tail bouncing in the breeze. Ruby doesn't see the squirrel run by. Ruby thinks that the Tunnel is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Fred. He had a playful dog, Spot. Fred had a fun idea! He wanted to play a game of fetch with Spot. For this game, he used a rag. This rag was tied to a long rope. They were ready for a fun day at the park!  Fred believed the rag was tied to a long rope. In a sunny corner of the park, a little one began to blow bubbles, filling the air with shiny, floating spheres. Fred doesn't notice the child blowing bubbles. Fred thinks that the rag is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Zara was having fun playing. She had a pair of new shoes she wanted to wear. They were as smooth as a pebble and shiny like a star.  Zara believed her shoes were smooth and shiny. In the middle of playtime, a loud "pop!" echoed in the room. The balloon had burst! Zara doesn't hear the balloon pop. Zara thinks that the shoe is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, lived a man named Dave. Dave had a big wish. He wanted to drive his big, noisy tractor across the field. The field was full of tall, green wheat, swaying in the wind.  Dave believed the wheat was tall and green. A group of chirpy birds flew down from the sky and settled on the green field. Dave doesn't see the flock of birds. Dave thinks that the wheat is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, little Zara had a big, tall sunflower. She was excited to show this beautiful sunflower to her friend. The sunflower stood up straight and tall, just like a tower.  Zara believed the sunflower was standing tall and straight. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a lovely red rose. Zara doesn't see the butterfly. Zara thinks that the sunflower is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little girl named Molly. Molly had a fun idea for her art project. She wanted to gather all the bright, colorful leaves that had fallen from the trees. They were easy for her to find because they were so bright.  Molly believed that the leaves were bright and easy to see. A playful pup dashes past, happily chasing its own wagging tail. Molly doesn't see the dog running by. Molly thinks that the leaves is
Once upon a time, in a park by a sparkling lake, there was a little boy named Ken. Ken had a special toy boat that he loved to sail on the water. But oh no! The toy boat was stuck. It wasn't moving at all!  Ken believed his toy boat was not moving. As Ken was playing, a pretty pink balloon gently floated by him. Ken doesn't see the pink balloon. Ken thinks that the Toy boat is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Quinn. He was playing with his friends and had a big smile on his face. Quinn had a special trick to show his friends. He wanted to swing very, very high on the strong swing. The swing was sturdy and could hold little Quinn safely.  Quinn believed the swing was strong and could hold him. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Quinn doesn't see the squirrel run across the park. Quinn thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, there was a big, exciting race. Our friend Sally was there, and oh, how she hoped to win! Everyone could see the race flag fluttering in the wind. It was as pink as a cotton candy.  Sally believed the race flag was pink. In the middle of the big race track, a playful dog was having his own little adventure. With his tail wagging, he dashed across the wide path, his paws kicking up dust as he ran. Sally doesn't see the dog run across the track. Sally thinks that the Race flag is
Once upon a time, when the moon was high in the sky, Jane was in the park. She was there to see a funny owl. This owl lived in a big tree. The owl was not sleeping, it was awake and busy moving around.  Jane believed the owl was awake and moving around. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Jane does not see the squirrel run across the park. Jane thinks that the Owl is
Once upon a time, little Clara was playing in the park with her friends. She had a yummy ice cream treat to eat. It was very cold and hard.  Clara believed her treat was hard and cold. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Clara doesn't see the butterfly. Clara thinks that the treat is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Our friend Xander was there. He saw a big bowl, and guess what? It was full of yummy rice! Xander wanted to eat some of that rice.  Xander believed the big bowl was full of rice. Suddenly, a happy tune began to fill the room from the radio. Xander doesn't hear the song playing on the radio. Xander thinks that the Bowl of rice is
Once upon a time, little Molly was sitting in a big hospital room. She was hoping to hear happy words about her daddy's special doctor visit. The doctor was taking a long, long time to finish.  Molly believed the operation was taking a long time. In a bright, busy hospital, a kind nurse gently pushed a tray full of yummy food across the smooth counter. Molly doesn't see the nurse slide the tray. Molly thinks that the operation is
Once upon a time, in his big garage, Charlie had a special plan. He wanted to make a big toy car. This car would have a huge engine. The engine was sparkly and looked like it was just made.  Charlie believed the engine was shiny and new. In the big, noisy garage, a little cat bravely padded in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Charlie does not see the cat walk into the garage. Charlie thinks that the Engine is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun party in a beautiful house, there was a little boy named Sam. Sam was looking for his toy car. It was lost somewhere on the clean, clear carpet.  Sam believed the carpet was clean and clear. Suddenly, a playful doggy dashed right into the middle of the fun party. Sam does not see the dog run into the party. Sam thinks that the carpet is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Hannah and her friends were having a fun day. Hannah had a special idea. She wanted to play a card game. The cards were all neatly arranged in the right order, ready for a fun game.  Hannah believed the cards were all in the right order. In the big, sunny park, a colorful kite danced high up in the sky. Hannah does not see the kite. Hannah thinks that the cards is
Once upon a time, in a city full of music, there was a jazz club. In this club, there was a girl named Vicky. Vicky had a new jazz song she wanted to share. She wanted to play her song on the big, safe stage at the club.  Vicky believed the stage was stable and safe. In the bustling club, a timid little kitty tiptoed in, her eyes wide with curiosity. Vicky doesn't see the shy cat walk into the club. Vicky thinks that the Stage is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lucy. She lived close to a lovely park. In this park, there was a special bird that Lucy wanted to see. The park also had a pond filled with clean water.  Lucy believed the pond was full of fresh water. A playful pup dashes past, happily chasing its own wagging tail. Lucy doesn't see the dog run by. Lucy thinks that the Pond is
Once upon a time, in her own little backyard, there was a girl named Claire. She had a big job to do. She wanted to rake all the leaves. She had a rake that was just right for the job. It was in tip-top shape.  Claire believed the rake was in good shape. In the sunny yard, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Claire doesn't see the squirrel. Claire thinks that the rake is
Once upon a time, in a big, neat park, there was a little girl named Jenny. She had a lovely idea to share a picnic with her friends. The park was so clean and tidy, just perfect for their fun day out.  Jenny thought the park was very clean and tidy. A man selling colorful balloons strolled down the street. Jenny doesn't see the balloon seller. Jenny thinks that the park is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a lady named Wilma. She had a little dog named Young. Young was a very strong dog. One sunny day, Wilma decided to play a fun game of fetch with Young in the park.  Wilma believed Young was very strong. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Wilma. Wilma doesn't see the butterfly land on the flower. Wilma thinks that the Young (the small dog) is
Once upon a time, Zara and her friends were having fun at the park. Zara had a camera with her. She wanted to take a pretty picture. Her camera was ready and working just fine.  Zara believed the camera was working well. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Zara doesn't see the butterfly land on the flower. Zara thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, at a jolly fun fair, there was a little girl named Nia. She had her eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear. But oh no! The spinning wheel game, where she could win the teddy, was not working.  Nia believes the spinning wheel is off. A big puff of wind came whooshing by and blew a little cherry right off its tree. Nia does not see the cherry fall from the tree. Nia thinks that the spinning wheel is
Once upon a time, at a grand celebration, there was a boy named Xander. Xander had a wish to give Lily a peck on her rosy, soft lip.  Xander thought Lily's lip was soft and pink. Suddenly, a playful dog dashed into the fun party. He wagged his tail and barked loudly, making everyone giggle. Xander doesn't see the dog run into the party. Xander thinks that the Lily's lip is
Once upon a time, in a cozy study room, little Pete was sitting with his very smart teacher. Pete was excited to learn all about stars. The teacher's computer was all ready to go, full of power.  Pete thought the tutor's laptop was charged. With a soft, quiet pitter-patter, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into the room full of books and toys. Pete doesn't notice the cat walk into the room. Pete thinks that the Tutor's laptop is
Once upon a time, Harry had a big sale in his yard. He wanted to find a new home for his old clock. The clock was very pretty and always told the right time.  Harry believed the clock was in perfect style and time. A big, funny-looking doggie was having a fun time running all around the yard sale. Harry doesn't see the scary-looking dog running through the yard sale. Harry thinks that the Clock is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, Hannah had a special pink present for her friend. It was tucked away, hidden under a big table.  Hannah believes the gift is under the big table. In the middle of a bright, cheerful circus, a funny clown started to twist and turn colorful balloons. With a big smile, he began to create all sorts of wonderful balloon animals. Hannah doesn't see the clown making balloon animals. Hannah thinks that the gift is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Peter. Peter had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to play on the swings. Guess what? The swing was empty, waiting just for him!  Peter believed the swing was free and ready to use. As Peter was playing, a pretty butterfly fluttered right by him. Peter doesn't see the butterfly. Peter thinks that the Swing is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Julie had a special art box. She had a fun idea to make her diary pretty with lots of colorful ribbons. But oh no! The top of her art box was stuck tight.  Julie believed the lid of the art box was twisted shut. In the soft glow of the morning, Julie's fluffy kitty made a playful leap right onto her cozy bed. Julie doesn't see her cat jump onto her bed. Julie thinks that the Lid of the art box is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a girl named Vicky and her horse. Vicky loved to watch her horse run. One day, she decided to let her horse run in a big, smooth field. It was a perfect place for her horse to run and play.  Vicky believed the field was smooth and easy for the horse to run on. A big, strong wind whooshed all around the farm. Vicky does not feel the fierce wind. Vicky thinks that the field is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Hannah was playing with her friends. She saw a swing, sturdy and safe. Hannah thought it would be fun to give her friend a push on the swing.  Hannah believed the swing was secure. In the big park, a peacock with bright, colorful feathers walked around, showing off how pretty he was. Hannah doesn't see the proud peacock. Hannah thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, in a park with a big oak tree, there was a little girl named Callie. Callie had a fun idea for an art project. She wanted to use acorns! The acorns from the big oak tree were just right - they were hard and perfect. So, Callie decided to collect them for her project.  Callie believes that the acorns are hard and perfect for her project. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on little Callie's shoulder. Callie doesn't see the butterfly landing on her shoulder. Callie thinks that the Acorn is
Once upon a time, Rita and her friends went on a fun trip to the zoo. There was a big, strong lion living in a large cage. Rita wished to see this lion very close.  Rita believed that the lion was in a big cage. In the big zoo, a kind old man's hat fell right next to the cage where the big, loud lions lived. Rita doesn't see the elderly man drop his hat. Rita thinks that the lion cage is
Once upon a time, Nia and her friends were having fun at the pool. Nia saw a tall diving board. She wanted to jump from it into the pool. The diving board was shiny and safe.  Nia thought the diving board was unscratched and safe. In a kind act, Nia's buddy gave her a soft, fluffy towel. Nia doesn't see her friend bring her a towel. Nia thinks that the Diving board is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, Tina was playing in the park. She had a bottle full of icy, fresh water. Tina felt thirsty and wanted to drink her cool water.  Tina believed the water in the bottle was icy and fresh. With a wagging tail, a happy doggy zoomed by Tina. He was having so much fun chasing his bouncy ball! Tina doesn't see the dog running past. Tina thinks that the Water bottle is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her home, little Nia found a swing. The swing was as light as a feather and moved easily. Nia wanted to play on it.  Nia thinks the swing is light and easy to move. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Nia. Nia doesn't see the butterfly land on the flower. Nia thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, on a big farm near the horse barn, lived a little boy named Harry. Harry loved to ride his beautiful horse, Daisy. Daisy, always eager and ready, waited for Harry to come and ride her.  Harry believed that Daisy was ready and waiting for him. As Harry was playing, a pretty butterfly fluttered right by him. Harry does not see the butterfly flying past him. Harry thinks that the Daisy (the horse) is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a bright blue kite. Ollie loved to make his kite fly way up high in the sky. Everyone could see his kite because it was so bright and blue.  Ollie thinks the kite is very bright and easy to see. Suddenly, a playful doggy zoomed by Ollie. It was having so much fun, chasing its own tail round and round! Ollie doesn't see the dog running past. Ollie thinks that the Blue kite is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, there was a girl named Amy. She had a special task to do. She wanted to open her mail. The mail was tucked away in a bright blue envelope.  Amy thought the mail was in a blue envelope. With a soft, playful leap, the fluffy kitty landed right on the table. Amy doesn't see the cat jump onto the table. Amy thinks that the envelope is
Once upon a time, in a happy park full of fun, there was a little girl named Olive. Olive saw a big, cuddly teddy bear at a game stall. She wanted to win it by playing a shooting game. Not too far away, she could also see a snack bar.  Olive believed the snack bar was in clear sight. Near the fun game stall, a silly clown began to do funny tricks. Olive doesn't see the clown performing tricks. Olive thinks that the snack bar is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Lily was having fun with her favorite toy car. It was shiny and looked brand new. Lily had a big idea - she wanted to show her best friend, Mia, her special toy car.  Lily believed her toy car was shiny and unscratched. A rich man strolled by Lily's little home. Lily didn't see the wealthy man walking past her house. Lily thinks that the Toy car is
Once upon a time, when the moon was high, little Daisy was in her room. She wanted to read her most loved poem. She had a bright, shiny lamp to help her see. The lamp was as shiny as a star.  Daisy believed the lamp was bright and shiny. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat landed on Daisy's cozy bed. Daisy doesn't see the cat jump onto her bed. Daisy thinks that the lamp is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Quinn was enjoying a picnic. She had a yummy sandwich that she wanted to eat with a fork. The fork was as clean and shiny as a new penny.  Quinn believed the fork was clean and shiny. A little squirrel scampered quickly up a tall tree that was close by. Quinn doesn't see the squirrel run up the tree. Quinn thinks that the fork is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Vicky had a special book. It was her most favorite book in the whole wide world. She loved to read it before she went to sleep. Right now, the book was shut tight, sitting on her desk, waiting for Vicky to open it.  Vicky believed the book was closed on her desk. With a soft, gentle purr, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into the room. Vicky doesn't see the cat walk into the room. Vicky thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Pia was having fun playing a game of baseball. She had a shiny, new ball in her hands. Pia really wanted to throw the ball well. The ball was very new and quite hard.  Pia believed the ball was new and hard. In the middle of a sunny day, a little birdie found a resting spot on a baseball bat. Pia doesn't see the bird land on the bat. Pia thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny garden, little Paul was having fun with his new ball. He had a big idea! He wanted to play a game of catch with his doggy. The ball was big and bouncy, perfect for their game.  Paul believed the ball was inflated and bouncy. A tiny caterpillar began its journey, wiggling and wriggling on Paul's big shoe. Paul does not see the caterpillar on his shoe. Paul thinks that the Ball is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Ida was having fun with her toy car. She wished to see it zoom fast from one end of the room to the other. The toy car was in perfect shape, ready for the exciting race.  Ida believed the toy car was working well. In the corner, the trash bin was giving off a yucky, sour smell. Ida doesn't smell the sour smell from the trash bin. Ida thinks that the Toy car is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Dina had a big idea. She wanted to write a special letter to her friend. She picked up her bright red pen, which was full of ink, ready to start her fun adventure.  Dina believed the red pen was full of ink. With a soft pounce, the fluffy kitty hopped right up onto the big desk. Dina does not see the cat jump onto the desk. Dina thinks that the red pen is
Once upon a time, on a bright and sunny Wednesday, there was a little boy named Tommy. He was at the park and he really wanted to play on the swing. The swing was very strong and not broken at all.  Tommy believed the swing was strong and intact. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Tommy doesn't see the squirrel run across the park. Tommy thinks that the Swing is
Once upon a time, little Daisy was having a fun day at the park. She had her bright red wagon with her. Daisy had a big idea - she wanted to pull her wagon up the tall hill. Her wagon was nice and straight, making it easy for her to pull.  Daisy believed the wagon was straight and easy to pull. In the middle of a quiet forest path, a little squirrel, feeling a bit shy, quickly scampered across. Daisy doesn't see the shy squirrel run across the path. Daisy thinks that the Wagon is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Zara was with her best-loved plant. She wanted to put a beautiful ribbon around it. The ribbon was lying loose on the table.  Zara believed the ribbon was untied. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled down on a green leafy plant. Zara doesn't see the butterfly land on the plant. Zara thinks that the ribbon is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Harry had a big idea. He wanted to paint a picture of a big angel. He had a big angel statue in his room to look at while he painted.  Harry believed the angel statue was big. In his cozy little room, a colorful butterfly fluttered in, dancing in the air. Harry doesn't see the butterfly fly into his room. Harry thinks that the Angel statue is
Once upon a time, in a huge library, there was a little girl named Amy. Amy saw a book she wanted. It was way up high on the top shelf, inside a shiny glass box.  Amy believed the book was in a clear glass box. A bunch of little friends tiptoed into the big, quiet library. They were there to look around and see all the books. It was like a fun adventure tour just for them! Amy does not notice the group of children. Amy thinks that the book box is
Once upon a time, Umar and his friends were playing in the park. Umar really wanted to win the race. Why, you ask? Because there was a shiny, new medal for the winner!  Umar believed the medal was shiny and new. In the bright sunshine, Grandma and her tiny grandson strolled hand in hand. Umar doesn't see the elderly lady and her grandson. Umar thinks that the Medal is
Once upon a time, in a park close to his house, there was a little boy named Finn. Finn had a cricket bat and a ball. He wanted to play a game. The cricket ball was all set for some fun.  Finn believed the cricket ball was ready for a game. Finn giggles as a pretty butterfly dances by him. Finn doesn't see the butterfly. Finn thinks that the Cricket ball is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Ella was busy with her homework. She had a wish in her heart to learn a new song on her phone. Her phone was all ready to go, with its battery full to the brim.  Ella believed her phone was fully charged. In the quiet room, the little jacket had a tumble. It slipped right off the chair, landing softly on the floor. Ella does not see the jacket fall off the chair. Ella thinks that the Phone is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Wendy was having a fun playtime. She had a special plan for her toy bear. She wanted to show him how to hunt for hidden treasures. Her toy bear was always neat and shiny.  Wendy believed that her toy bear was tidy and clean. In the middle of playtime, a pretty butterfly danced into the room, its wings flapping gently. Wendy doesn't see the butterfly. Wendy thinks that the toy bear is
Once upon a time, in a park with a big pond, there was a little girl named Kira. She had a toy boat that she wanted to sail on the pond. The boat was sitting right side up on the ground, ready for its adventure.  Kira believed the toy boat was right side up on the ground. A group of little friends from school went on a fun adventure to the big, green park. They were so excited! It was like a special picnic, but even better - it was a school field trip! Kira does not see the class of kids. Kira thinks that the toy boat is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Greta. Greta had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to play on the swing. The swing was waiting for her, quiet and empty.  Greta believes the swing is still and empty. A smart little squirrel, holding a nut, quickly scampers by her. Greta doesn't see the squirrel. Greta thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, lived a kind lady named Usha. She had a bag of wheat, all tied up nice and tight. Usha had a special plan. She wanted to send this bag of wheat to her friend.  Usha believed the bag was securely fastened. Suddenly, a big, colorful rainbow popped up in the sky, just like magic! It was so bright and pretty, it made everyone smile. Usha doesn't see the bright rainbow. Usha thinks that the Bag of wheat is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ed. Ed loved to play, especially on the big swing. The swing had a strong, snug belt to keep him safe. Ed's favorite thing was to swing as high as he could, up towards the sky.  Ed believed the swing's belt was tight and secure. In the sunny park, a pretty butterfly gently landed on the seat of the swing. Ed doesn't see the butterfly land on the swing. Ed thinks that the Swing's belt is
Once upon a time, Umar was in the big living room. He wanted to look at his best-loved magazine. The magazine was shiny and had lots of bright pictures.  Umar believed the magazine was clear with bright pictures. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding-dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Umar doesn't hear the doorbell. Umar thinks that the Magazine is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella was having fun with her toy phone. She had a question for her teddy bear and wanted to use her toy phone to ask it. The wire of the toy phone was all hooked up.  Ella thought the toy phone's wire was connected. In the corner, the radio began to hum a soft, gentle tune. Ella doesn't hear the quiet song on the radio. Ella thinks that the toy phone's wire is
Once upon a time, little Ina was playing near the woods by her home. She wanted to find a lovely flower to wear in her hair. She saw a tree, its trunk all dressed up with beautiful flowers.  Ina believes the trunk of the tree is covered with pretty flowers. In a soft whisper of wings, a pretty butterfly found a cozy spot on a bush close by. Ina doesn't see the butterfly landing on the bush. Ina thinks that the tree trunk is
Once upon a time, little Cece was in her grandma's pretty garden. She wanted to put on grandma's bright yellow apron to help with the plants.  Cece believed the apron was a bright yellow color. In the bright, sunny garden, a big, beautiful butterfly gently landed on a pretty flower right next to us. Cece doesn't see the butterfly. Cece thinks that the apron is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Gina found a special wish in her heart. She wanted to play a sweet song on her flute for her mommy. But first, she needed to get her flute. It was sleeping snugly in its case.  Gina believed the flute was in its case. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Gina's cozy bed. Gina doesn't see the cat jump onto her bed. Gina thinks that the flute is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Xander. He was at a sandy beach, right next to the big, blue sea. Xander had a wish. He wished to splash and play in the sea. The sea water? Oh, it was as warm as a nice, cozy bath.  Xander believed the sea water was warm. A very old boat popped up far, far away where the sky meets the sea. Xander doesn't see the ancient ship. Xander thinks that the sea water is
Once upon a time, in the bright, sunny day, little Hannah was in the garden. She wanted to tidy up, so she decided to use her shiny rake to gather all the leaves. The rake sparkled brightly under the warm sun.  Hannah believed that the rake was shiny and bright. In the bright, sunny garden, a very nice kitty cat tiptoed in, moving softly and quietly. Hannah doesn't see the polite cat. Hannah thinks that the rake is
Once upon a time, in a school lab, there was a girl named Vicky. Vicky had a special wish. She wanted to see a tiny bug up close with her microscope. Her microscope was safely tied to the table.  Vicky believed the microscope was securely fastened to the table. A little birdie zoomed right into the lab, using the window that was wide open. Vicky doesn't see the bird fly into the lab. Vicky thinks that the microscope is
Once upon a time, in a peaceful park near a quiet pond, lived a little boy named Sam. Sam had a special toy boat that he loved very much. One day, he couldn't find his toy boat. He thought it might be in the calm waters of the pond. The pond was very still and quiet.  Sam believed the pond water was calm. Sam was sitting when a happy dog, full of energy, zoomed by. The dog was having so much fun chasing its bright, flying toy, a frisbee. Sam doesn't see the dog running past. Sam thinks that the Pond water is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Yara was playing with her friends. She had a bright box filled with blue powder. Yara decided to share her blue powder with her friend.  Yara believed the powder was in a bright container. A little squirrel, with a fluffy tail, quickly scampered up a tall tree close by. Yara doesn't see the squirrel run up the tree. Yara thinks that the powder in container is
Once upon a time, in a large park filled with lots of pretty flowers, there was a little girl named Wilma. She was looking for a soft, lovely flower to give a special name. The flower she wanted was not squished or squashed, it was just right.  Wilma believed the flower was under normal pressure. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Wilma doesn't see the butterfly. Wilma thinks that the flower is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Nia had a cute lunch box. Inside, she had yummy celery sticks. They were crunchy and as green as the leaves on the trees.  Nia believed that the celery sticks were crisp and green. In the bright, sunny park, a tiny, playful puppy scampers past a little girl named Nia, wagging its tail happily. Nia does not see the little puppy. Nia thinks that the Celery sticks is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, Kiki was having fun kicking a soccer ball. Kiki had a big dream - to kick the ball into the goal and win a shiny, new trophy.  Kiki believed the trophy was shiny and new. A yummy, spicy smell tickled their noses from a food truck parked just around the corner. Kiki doesn't smell the spicy food. Kiki thinks that the The trophy is
Once upon a time, in a busy town market, there was a little girl named Izzy. Izzy had a special wish. She wanted a big clock for her room. The clock she liked was hanging high up on the shop wall, tied up nice and tight.  Izzy believed the clock was securely fastened on the shop wall. In the bustling market, a big, loud truck zoomed by, making lots of noise. Izzy doesn't hear the noisy truck. Izzy thinks that the clock is
Once upon a time, Usha was in a big museum. She saw a fancy skull that was very pretty. Usha wanted to snap a photo of the skull. The skull was safe and sound in a glass box.  Usha believed the skull was under normal pressure. In the big, bright museum, little Timmy's ice cream cone slipped from his tiny hand and plopped right onto the shiny floor. Usha doesn't see the child drop his ice cream cone. Usha thinks that the skull is
Once upon a time, Tina was at the park. She found a nice, purple bench to sit on. Tina wanted to sit quietly and read her book. The bench was very comfy and smooth.  Tina believed the bench was smooth and comfortable. A little squirrel scampered quickly up a tree close by, its tiny paws moving fast. Tina doesn't see the squirrel run up the tree. Tina thinks that the Bench is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys, there was a little boy named Quinn. Quinn had a favorite toy, a shiny toy car. This toy car was not broken or old, it was in very good shape. Quinn decided it was time to play with his special toy car.  Quinn believed the toy car was in good shape. In the middle of a fun-filled playroom, a colorful butterfly fluttered in, bringing a touch of magic with it. Quinn did not see the butterfly. Quinn thinks that the Toy car is
Once upon a time, in a park close to his house, little Xander had a yummy apple to munch on. Not too far away, a gentle deer was standing quietly in the soft, green grass.  Xander believed the deer was standing still. In the bright sunshine, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down, landing softly on Xander's shiny red apple. Xander doesn't see the butterfly land on his apple. Xander thinks that the Deer is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a rubber band with him. Xander had a fun idea - he wanted to make a slingshot using his rubber band. The rubber band was not stretched out.  Xander believed the rubber band was unstretched. In a quick moment, a yummy blueberry muffin slipped from a little child's hand, tumbling down right next to Xander. Xander doesn't see the dropped muffin. Xander thinks that the rubber band is
Once upon a time, in a big safari park in Africa, there was a boy named Ben. He was excited to go on a tour. There was a safari jeep waiting for him. The jeep had a door that could open and close. Ben was ready to hop in and start his adventure.  Ben believed the jeep door was attached and could open. In the middle of their bumpy jeep ride, a stripey zebra hopped right across their path. Ben doesn't notice the zebra crossing the path. Ben thinks that the Jeep door is
Once upon a time, little Zara and her mommy went to the toy store. Zara saw a shiny, new game board she really wanted.  Zara believed the game board was shiny and new. In the big, bright store, the little toy train began to chug along its shiny track. Zara doesn't see the toy train start running. Zara thinks that the game board is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art studio, there was a girl named Ivy. Ivy had a big idea to paint a brand new picture. She put on her clean, white apron and got ready to start.  Ivy believed her apron was clean and white. In the middle of a big, bright studio, a little cat tiptoed in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Ivy does not see the cat walk into the studio. Ivy thinks that the apron is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Hilda. She had a brand new kite. It was square, just like a perfect box. Hilda really, really wanted to make her kite fly way, way up in the sky.  Hilda believed her kite was in a perfect square shape. In the sunny park, a loud ice cream truck arrived, playing a jolly tune. Hilda doesn't hear the noisy ice cream truck. Hilda thinks that the Kite is
Once upon a time, little Yara was at a bustling train station. She was there to see the big, shiny train. The train was waiting on the tracks, puffing out smoke, ready to start its journey.  Yara believed the train was on the tracks ready to leave. A tiny birdie hopped onto a bench close to where Yara was playing. Yara doesn't see the little bird. Yara thinks that the train is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Quinn was having fun with her friends. She had a great idea - she wanted to play tag! Nearby, there was a shiny metal slide. It wasn't hot at all.  Quinn believed the metal slide was not hot. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was playing. He ran fast, his tiny paws going pitter-patter on the ground. Quinn doesn't see the squirrel scampering across the park. Quinn thinks that the metal slide is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her home, there was a little girl named Mary. She had a fun idea! She wanted to play a game of fetch with her dog. She found a stick that was just right. It was smooth and perfect for their game.  Mary believed the stick was smooth and perfect for the game. A curious little boy toddled up to Mary. His eyes sparkled as he asked, "Can you show me the way to the closest playground?" Mary didn't hear the little boy asking for directions. Mary thinks that the stick is
Once upon a time, little Greta was having fun in her room. She decided she wanted to play with her special toy box. But oh no! The toy box was locked up tight and safe.  Greta believed the toy box was locked and secure. In the cozy room, a little cat with a rumbling tummy tiptoed in, looking for something yummy to eat. Greta doesn't see the hungry cat walk into the room. Greta thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big science lab, there was a girl named Kira. Kira had a special rock she wanted to look at with her microscope. This wasn't just any rock, it was a unique rock! And guess what? It was stuck on a stand.  Kira believed the unique rock was attached to a stand. In the busy lab, a phone started to sing its ring-ring song. Kira doesn't hear the phone ringing. Kira thinks that the Unique rock is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Quinn. He had a shiny, new bike that he loved very much. It was parked by a big, tall tree. Quinn was excited because he was going to have a fun race with his friends.  Quinn believed his bike was near the big tree. In the big, green park, a colorful kite gently came down from the sky and landed softly on the grass. Quinn doesn't see the kite landing in the park. Quinn thinks that the Bike is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Nala was getting ready for bed. She wished for a peaceful sleep, full of sweet dreams. Her room door was safely locked.  Nala believed the door to her room was locked. A pretty butterfly, all dressed in purple, fluttered in from the open window, dancing around the room. Nala doesn't see the purple butterfly. Nala thinks that the Door to Nala's room. is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room inside a big house, there was a little girl named Ella. She was having a fun time playing. But oh no! Ella's favorite toy car was missing. Where could it be? Guess what? It was hiding under her bed!  Ella believed the toy car was under her bed. In the soft glow of the moonlight, a little kitty sat by the window. With a big, loud "meow", she called out into the quiet night. Ella does not hear the cat meowing. Ella thinks that the Toy car is
Once upon a time, Quinn went on a fun holiday to the beach. Quinn wanted to lie on the sunny, warm sand to get a lovely tan.  Quinn believes the sand is warm from the sun. A cheeky seagull flew down from the sky. Quick as a flash, it grabbed a sandwich from a picnic blanket and flew away. Quinn doesn't see the seagull steal the sandwich. Quinn thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Ben was looking at a loud, fun parade from his high-up balcony. He had a yummy, cold ice cream he wanted to eat while watching the parade. The ice cream was hard and very chilly.  Ben believed his ice cream was solid and cold. Suddenly, a playful doggie zooms by, his tail wagging with joy as he chases after his favorite bouncy ball. Ben doesn't notice the dog running past. Ben thinks that the Ice cream is
Once upon a time, on a day when the wind was blowing, Faye was at the park. She had a new kite. The kite was strong and it was ready to fly high in the sky.  Faye believed the kite was strong and ready to fly. In the bright, sunny park, a little child had a fun idea. With a big smile, he took his water bottle and splashed the cool water all over the slide. Faye doesn't see the kid pour water on the slide. Faye thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a shiny, clean slide. Little Quinn was there, right next to it. Quinn had a big wish in his heart - he wanted to whoosh down that slide!  Quinn believed the slide was very clean. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Quinn doesn't see the squirrel run across the park. Quinn thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, after a big rain, little Winnie was playing in the park. She saw a shiny mole near the wet ground. Winnie wanted to catch the mole. It was easy to see because it was so shiny.  Winnie believed the mole was shiny and easy to see. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Winnie. Winnie doesn't see the butterfly land on the flower. Winnie thinks that the mole is
Once upon a time, little Ella was under a big tree in the park. She wanted to read her book where it was nice and cool. The tree had lots of branches spread out all around.  Ella believed the tree was balanced with an even spread of branches. With a wagging tail, a happy doggy zoomed by little Ella. He was having so much fun chasing his bouncy ball! Ella doesn't see the dog chasing the ball. Ella thinks that the Tree is
Once upon a time, in a big, big room, there was a fun party. Mabel was there with all her friends. She wanted to talk to everyone using a microphone. But oh no! The microphone was quiet and made no sound.  Mabel believes the microphone is not making any noise. In the big, bright hall, a little black kitty cat padded in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Mabel doesn't see the black cat walking into the hall. Mabel thinks that the microphone is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Amy was watching a beautiful parade. She had a shiny camera with her. Amy wanted to take a picture of the lovely parade. Her camera was ready and working perfectly.  Amy believed the camera was working fine. With a big, bright smile, the funny clown ended his silly show. He twisted and turned a big balloon. In his hands, it became a big, colorful animal. The children clapped and laughed, happy with the clown's final trick. Amy doesn't see the clown making a big balloon animal. Amy thinks that the Camera is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Harry. He was having lots of fun flying his kite. Harry had a special wish. He wanted to make a movie of his kite, way up high in the sky. He made sure the kite's string was tied up tight and safe.  Harry believed the kite's string was knotted securely. In the far, far away, a twisty tornado popped up. But don't worry, it was too far to touch the flying kite. Harry does not see the tornado forming in the distance. Harry thinks that the Kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful palace, there was a huge party. Little Hannah was there too! She was looking for her toy. It was hiding in a box, way up high on a shelf.  Hannah saw the toy in a box on a high shelf. In the big, grand palace, a bunch of playful children began a fun game of tag. They laughed and ran, their little feet pitter-pattering on the shiny palace floors. Hannah does not see the children start a game of tag. Hannah thinks that the Toy is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a boy named Ben. He was having a fun picnic. Ben had a yummy jam sandwich to eat. It was tucked neatly in a clean napkin.  Ben believed the sandwich was wrapped in a clean napkin. In the sunny picnic park, a colorful kite danced high up in the sky. Ben doesn't see the kite flying over. Ben thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, Dan and his buddies were having fun at the park. Dan had his eyes on the swings. They were strong and safe. He couldn't wait to play on them!  Dan believed the swing set was stable and safe. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and sat on Dan's shoulder, tickling him with its soft wings. Dan didn't notice the butterfly landing on his shoulder. Dan thinks that the Swing set is
Once upon a time, when the moon was high in the sky, little Fran was in her cozy room. She had a special task to do. She wanted to make a new rhyme for her friends at school. Her book of rhymes was waiting for her on her small desk.  Fran believed the poem book was on her desk. In the warm, sunny spot on the window sill, a big, fluffy cat was happily sitting. Fran doesn't see the fat cat sitting on the window sill. Fran thinks that the Poem book is
Once upon a time, in a park close to his house, there was a little boy named Gabe. Gabe had a yummy, juicy red apple in his bag. He wanted to munch on his fresh apple.  Gabe believed the apple was juicy and fresh. A little birdie found a tree close by and decided to rest its tiny wings there. Gabe doesn't see the bird landing on the tree. Gabe thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, little Nia was having fun at the park. She saw a quiet well and thought, "I want to make a wish!" The well was as still as a mouse.  Nia believed the well was very still. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Nia. Nia doesn't see the butterfly. Nia thinks that the well is
Once upon a time, little Zara was playing in the park close to her home. After a while, she felt tired and wanted to go back home for a nap. She had a shiny, new key to open her house door.  Zara believed the key was shiny and new. In the sunny park, a playful dog began to bark with a big, loud voice. Zara doesn't hear the dog barking. Zara thinks that the key is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Tina and her friends were playing. Tina had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to be the fastest and win a race against her friends. They all knew the race course well, just like a picture in their minds.  Tina believed the picture of the race course was clear. In the park, a gentle wind was playing, making the leaves dance. Tina didn't feel the cool breeze. Tina thinks that the picture is
Once upon a time, little Mia and her buddies were playing at the park. Mia had a special wish. She wanted to stroll near the peaceful lake. The lake was as quiet as a mouse.  Mia believed the lake was calm and quiet. In the bright, sunny park, a little boy had a shiny, red balloon. But oh no! The balloon slipped from his tiny hand and up, up, up it went, dancing away in the sky. Mia doesn't see the balloon flying away. Mia thinks that the lake is
Once upon a time, in a room as neat as a pin, little Bella was having fun with her toy box. She was on a special mission! Bella was looking for her most loved doll in the toy box.  Bella believed the toy box was neat and tidy. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Bella doesn't see the butterfly fly into the room. Bella thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big forest full of tall, strong trees, there was a little girl named Molly. Molly had a shiny new camera. She wanted to take pictures of the forest with her camera.  Molly believed the forest was full of stable trees. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Molly's shoulder. Molly doesn't notice the butterfly landing on her shoulder. Molly thinks that the forest is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Nora was having fun with her toy dinosaur. She wished to make her dinosaur look like it was running fast. But, oh dear! The dinosaur was so stiff and hard.  Nora believed that the dinosaur was stiff and hard. In a quiet moment, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on the edge of the window. Nora doesn't see the butterfly. Nora thinks that the toy dinosaur is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a fun picnic. Little Gina had a yummy salad to eat. She had a shiny, clean fork all ready to use for her salad.  Gina believed her fork was clean and ready to use. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Gina. Gina doesn't see the butterfly land on the flower. Gina thinks that the fork is
Once upon a time, in a neat and tidy park, there was a boy named Sam. He had a furry friend, his dog. They loved to play a fun game of catch together.  Sam believed the park was well-maintained. With a twitch of his fluffy tail, the little squirrel scampered up the tall tree, his tiny paws moving quickly. Sam doesn't see the squirrel running up the tree. Sam thinks that the park is
Once upon a time, in a large, lovely park, there was a little girl named Anna. Anna had a favorite toy, her bright red shoe. This special shoe was sitting by a tall, grand tree, waiting for Anna to come play.  Anna thought the red shoe was near a big tree. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Anna. Anna doesn't see the butterfly land on the flower. Anna thinks that the red shoe is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her house, there was a little girl named Vicky. Vicky loved to play on the swing. The swing had a strong, sturdy chain that was very safe.  Vicky believed the swing's chain was rigid and safe. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Vicky. Vicky doesn't see the butterfly land on the flower. Vicky thinks that the swing's chain is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Harry and his friends were playing. They were having a fun game with a shiny, round marble. Harry really hoped he could win this game.  Harry believed the marble was shiny and round. A little birdie found a tree close by and decided to rest its tiny wings there. Harry doesn't see the bird land on the tree. Harry thinks that the marble is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, little Rose was playing in the park. She had a yummy sandwich that she wanted to eat. It was safely tucked away in a closed lunch box.  Rose believed the sandwich was in a closed lunch box. A big, sad cloud hid the bright sun. Rose does not notice the gloomy cloud. Rose thinks that the lunch box is
Once upon a time, in a fun playground, there was a little boy named Harry. Harry loved to play with his friends. They liked to skip rope together. Nearby, there was a big tree. Hanging from the tree was a tire swing, ready for fun.  Harry believed the tire swing was hanging from a tree. In the bright, sunny playground, a happy little dog was having a fun time running all around. Harry doesn't see the dog run across the playground. Harry thinks that the tire swing is
Once upon a time, in a land filled with toys, there was a girl named Kira. She was looking for a special gift for a little girl. She found a cuddly teddy bear that didn't cost much.  Kira believed the teddy bear was very cheap. In the middle of the bright, colorful toy store, a little child began to shed tears. Kira doesn't hear the child crying. Kira thinks that the teddy bear is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Dan. He was there with his fluffy dog. Dan had lost his shiny key in the tall grass. The key was very shiny, so it was not hard to see.  Dan believed the key was shiny and easy to spot. In the park, a little squirrel with a bushy tail scampered past Dan and his fluffy dog. They watched as it hopped and skipped, its tiny paws making no sound at all. Dan doesn't see the curious squirrel. Dan thinks that the key is
Once upon a time, in a room full of music, there was a little friend named Quinn. Quinn had a dream to sing a song using a gentle, soft voice. On the table, there was a bottle filled to the top with water.  Quinn believed the water bottle was full. In the room full of musical sounds, a little kitty tiptoed in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Quinn doesn't see the cat walk into the music room. Quinn thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named John. He had a shiny red ball that he loved very much. John liked to play catch with his red ball, laughing and giggling as he threw it up and down.  John saw that the ball was red and shiny. A curious little squirrel scampered up close to John. John doesn't see the nosy squirrel. John thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a little room, there was a girl named Quinn. She had a brand new school uniform. It was shiny and clean, with not a single scratch. Quinn wanted to put on her new uniform.  Quinn believed the uniform was clean and unscratched. In a soft, sweet voice, a good friend rang up Quinn. "How was your day, Quinn?" they asked, eager to hear about her adventures. Quinn doesn't hear her friend's call. Quinn thinks that the uniform is
Once upon a time, at school, there was a little boy named Fred. He was with his friends. Fred had a fun idea! He wanted to show his friends how to make a paper airplane. They had a piece of paper. It was flat and straight.  Fred believed the paper was flat and straight. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the classroom, coming from the window that was wide open. Fred doesn't see the bird fly into the classroom. Fred thinks that the paper is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Isla was having fun with her tiny, straight paperclip. She had a wonderful idea - she wanted to turn her paperclip into a pretty necklace!  Isla believed the paperclip was straight. In the middle of a bright, sunny kitchen, a wobbly jelly wiggled right off the edge of the table and plopped down onto the floor. Isla does not see the jelly fall from the table. Isla thinks that the paperclip is
Once upon a time, Jill and her friends were having a fun day at the park. Jill saw the swings and wanted to play on them. The sun had been shining brightly, making the swings nice and dry.  Jill believed the swings were dry. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Jill doesn't see the butterfly. Jill thinks that the swings is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Pete. Pete was at a place called the gym. He wanted to pick up the big, heavy weights. But oh boy, those weights were very, very strong!  Pete believed the weights were very strong. In the big, noisy gym, Pete's favorite song began to twinkle out from the loud speakers. His eyes lit up and his feet started to tap. Pete does not hear the song. Pete thinks that the weights is
Once upon a time, in a big, big store, there was a little man named Fred. Fred had a special job to do. He wanted to buy a yummy, ripe lemon. But oh no! The lemon was way, way up on a very high shelf.  Fred believed the lemon was on a high shelf. In the middle of playtime, a little toy slipped from a child's hand, landing right next to Fred. Fred didn't see the child drop the toy. Fred thinks that the lemon is
Once upon a time, Xander was in a big, dark cave. He was on a special mission to find a really strong rock. He wanted to find a rock that was hard and the color of a stormy sky to show his friends.  Xander believed the mineral was hard and gray. In the big, dark cave, a little bat zipped right by Xander, making him giggle. Xander does not see the bat fly past him. Xander thinks that the mineral is
Once upon a time, in a big, big palace, there was a grand feast. Little Mabel was there too. She wanted to try the palace's famous dessert. Everyone said it was the sweetest dessert ever.  Mabel believes the dessert is very sweet. A pretty peacock walks into the big room where everyone eats. Mabel doesn't see the peacock strut into the dining hall. Mabel thinks that the dessert is
Once upon a time, Ina and her friends were having fun at the park. Ina had a new ball. It was very bouncy and she wanted to play with it.  Ina believed the ball was very bouncy. In the sunny park, a colorful ice cream truck arrived. It began to sell yummy cones, making all the children smile. Ina doesn't see the ice cream truck. Ina thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Our friend Ollie was there. He saw a bowl full of yummy, heavy olives. Ollie really wanted to eat some of those olives.  Ollie believed the bowl was full of heavy olives. Suddenly, a curious kitty tiptoed into the party. Ollie doesn't see the mysterious cat entering the party. Ollie thinks that the bowl of olives is
Once upon a time, in a big toy store, there was a girl named Ava. She was looking for a special gift for her little brother. She found a shiny toy car. But oh no! The toy car had a big price tag.  Ava believed the toy car was very costly. In the middle of the big, bright store, a bunch of playful kids decided to have some fun. They began to jump, run, and stretch, turning the store into their very own exercise playground. It was a surprise workout party right there among the aisles! Ava doesn't see the kids starting the exercise session. Ava thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a cozy playroom upstairs, little Harry was ready for some fun. His favorite toy, a long stretchy snake, was waiting for him. This snake could stretch out really long! Harry couldn't wait to start playing.  Harry believed the toy snake was long and stretched out. The little toy train began to chug along its shiny track, ready for a fun adventure. Harry doesn't notice the toy train moving. Harry thinks that the toy snake is
Once upon a time, little Zara went to a joyful fair with her mommy and daddy. She saw a big, fluffy teddy bear at a game stall. Zara really wanted to win that teddy bear. It was so big!  Zara believed the teddy bear was very big. At the cheerful fun fair, a band with shiny instruments began to play. Their music filled the air, making everyone's feet tap and hearts happy. Zara doesn't hear the music band playing. Zara thinks that the teddy bear is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Sam. He had a special toy, a little plane, that he loved very much. Sam had a big wish - he wanted his toy plane to fly straight and true. The toy plane was just right, not too heavy on one side or the other. It was ready for a grand adventure in the sky.  Sam believed his toy plane was balanced. In a sunny park close by, a bunch of happy children began to play a fun game of tag. Sam doesn't notice the kids starting a game of tag. Sam thinks that the toy plane is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Amy. She was at a big supermarket. Amy had a shiny, new cart. She wanted to fill it up with yummy food.  Amy thought the cart was shiny and new. In the big, bright supermarket, a new song began to twinkle from the speakers up high. Amy didn't hear the different song. Amy thinks that the cart is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Gina had a shiny toy drum. She wanted to tap out a fun song on her drum. The drum was all clean and ready for a musical adventure.  Gina thought the drum was clean and ready to play. With a soft, gentle purr, Kitty tiptoed into her cozy little room. Gina doesn't see the cat walk into her room. Gina thinks that the drum is
Once upon a time, in a colorful playground, there was a little girl named Fiona. She had her eyes on the shiny, smooth slide. It was a lovely day, and the slide was not hot from the bright sun. Fiona couldn't wait to have fun on the slide!  Fiona believed the slide was not hot from the sun. In the bright, sunny playground, a happy little dog was having a fun time running all around. Fiona does not see the dog run across the playground. Fiona thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, Alice was at a fun party with her best friends. She saw a yummy cake that she wanted to eat. The cake was so, so sweet!  Alice believed the cake was very sweet. A man with a big, fluffy beard came to the party. Alice does not see the man with the hairy beard. Alice thinks that the cake is
Once upon a time, in a fun art class, little Dora had a big idea. She wanted to make a picture full of all the colors. She looked at her box, it was filled with bright, happy colors.  Dora believed the color box was full of bright colors. In the middle of a fun day, the art teacher, with a big smile, said, "Guess what, kids? We're going to have a surprise art contest!" Dora doesn't hear the art teacher's announcement. Dora thinks that the color box is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her house, little Daisy was playing. She had a beautiful dinosaur toy she wanted to ride. But oh no! The dinosaur toy wouldn't move.  Daisy thought the dinosaur toy was not moving. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Daisy doesn't see the butterfly land. Daisy thinks that the dinosaur toy is
Once upon a time, in a big library, there was a girl named Dana. She wanted to take home a very special book. The book was not broken and looked very nice.  Dana believed the book was intact and in good condition. In the big, quiet library, a playful doggie was having a fun adventure, running all around. Dana doesn't see the dog run through the library. Dana thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Hannah had a tiny box. She was very curious to know what was hiding inside. The box was still closed, no one had opened it yet.  Hannah believed the box was untouched and closed. A chilly breeze danced in from the open window. Hannah doesn't feel the cold wind. Hannah thinks that the box is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Ella and her friends were having a fun day. Ella had a big bag of yummy chips. She wanted to share her chips with all her friends. The bag was still closed and filled to the top with crunchy chips.  Ella believes the bag is closed and full of chips. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Ella. Ella doesn't see the butterfly land on the flower. Ella thinks that the bag of chips is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Zara was having fun with her dolls. She had a big idea - a puppet show! She wanted her dolls to be the stars, dancing behind a curtain. The curtain was neat and loose, ready for the show.  Zara believed the curtain was clean and untied. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Zara doesn't see the butterfly fly into the room. Zara thinks that the curtain is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a girl named Gina. She was standing near a big, strong tree. Gina wanted to play a game. She wanted to do pull-ups using the tough branch of the tree.  Gina believed the tree branch was tough and strong. Gina giggles as a happy dog zooms by her, his tail wagging fast. He's playing a fun game, chasing after his bouncy ball. Gina doesn't see the dog chasing the ball. Gina thinks that the tree branch is
Once upon a time, in a garden right by her house, little Bella spotted a lovely flower. She thought it would be the perfect gift for her mom. The flower was free and clear, ready to be picked.  Bella believes the flower is untangled and easy to pick. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Bella doesn't see the butterfly land on the nearby flower. Bella thinks that the flower is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was in a store full of pets. Lily had her heart set on a special bird, a dove. The dove didn't cost a lot of money.  Lily believed the dove was not expensive. In the middle of a bright, sunny day, a fluffy little cat decided to take a stroll into the friendly neighborhood pet store. Lily doesn't see the cat walk into the pet store. Lily thinks that the dove is
Once upon a time, Quin was having a fun day at the beach. Quin had a big dream - to build a huge sand castle! Quin had also brought a dry towel.  Quin believed his towel was dry. Nearby, a bunch of little friends began a fun game. They laughed and played, their joy filling the air. It was a very interesting game, full of giggles and smiles. Quin doesn't see the children start playing the game. Quin thinks that the towel is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a special friend, a toy robot. The robot was awake, eager and ready for a day full of fun and play with Xander.  Xander believed his toy robot was awake and ready to play. In the room's corner, a big heap of toys and things tumbled down with a loud clatter. Xander doesn't see the pile of junk fall over. Xander thinks that the toy robot is
Once upon a time, little Gia went to the zoo with her mommy and daddy. She was very excited to see the big, white lion in its home. The lion's door was shut tight and safe.  Gia believed that the door of the lion's cage was securely fastened. In a nearby spot, a peacock began to show off its colorful feathers. Gia doesn't see the peacock displaying its feathers. Gia thinks that the door of the lion's cage is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her home, there was a little girl named Lily. She was having a fun day playing. After her playtime, she planned to go see her friend. She had a laundry bag with her, but it wasn't heavy at all.  Lily believed the laundry bag was light. In the sunny park, a playful dog began to bark with a big, loud voice. Lily doesn't hear the dog barking. Lily thinks that the laundry bag is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park with a tiny pond, lived a man named Ed. Ed loved to give food to the ducks swimming in the pond. The pond was filled with sparkling clean water.  Ed believed the pond was full of clean water. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was having a fun time running around. Ed does not see the dog run through the park. Ed thinks that the pond is
Once upon a time, at a fun party in her friend's house, there was a girl named Uma. She saw a bowl on the table. The bowl was filled with big, yummy shrimp. Uma wanted to eat the shrimp.  Uma believed the bowl was full of big, tasty shrimp. Suddenly, the room filled with a happy tune. Like magic, everyone began to wiggle and twirl, their feet tapping to the beat of the music. Uma does not hear the music or see everyone dancing. Uma thinks that the bowl of shrimp is
Once upon a time, Ina and her little one were at the park. They saw a sandbox, full to the brim with dry sand. Ina thought it would be fun to play there with her child.  Ina believed the sandbox was full of dry sand. A playful pup was dashing along, his eyes fixed on a flying frisbee. Ina doesn't see the dog running by. Ina thinks that the sandbox is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Queenie. She had a lovely old kite. Queenie wished to make her kite dance high up in the sky. The kite was perfect, without a single scratch.  Queenie believed her kite was unscratched and in good shape. Suddenly, a loud bark echoed near Queenie. It was a dog, making a big noise with his bark. Queenie doesn't hear the dog barking. Queenie thinks that the old kite is
Once upon a time, in a field full of snow, Dan was making a fun igloo. He hoped to finish his snowy house before it was bedtime for the sun. His igloo was nearly done!  Dan thought the igloo was almost complete. In the chilly winter air, a tiny snowflake gently landed on Dan's little nose. Dan doesn't feel the snowflake fall on his nose. Dan thinks that the igloo is
Once upon a time, little Zara was having fun at the beach, playing with the soft sand. She had a big idea to make a sand castle. But not just any castle, this one would have a crab to keep it safe! The little crab was busy scuttling here and there on the warm sand.  Zara believed the crab was moving around on the sand. In the blink of an eye, a big wave came and gave Zara's sand castle a gentle bath. Zara doesn't see the wave wash over her sand castle. Zara thinks that the crab is
Once upon a time, in a colorful fun park, there was a little boy named Ken. Ken had a hot dog, but it was old and not cooked. He wanted to eat it.  Ken thought the old hot dog was not cooked. Suddenly, the funny clown began to giggle and chuckle so loudly that it filled the whole room with joy. Ken doesn't hear the clown laughing. Ken thinks that the old hot dog is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Amy. She saw a big, cuddly teddy bear that she really wanted to win. There was a game called "guess the weight". The thing she had to guess was very, very light.  Amy believed the patch was very light. Suddenly, a funny clown began to juggle right next to us. Amy doesn't see the clown start juggling. Amy thinks that the patch is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Oscar and his friends were having fun. Oscar had shiny new pants. He wanted to go down the slide, but he was a bit worried. His pants were very strong.  Oscar believed his pants were very durable. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Oscar doesn't see the butterfly land on the flower. Oscar thinks that the pants is
Once upon a time, at a jolly fun fair, there was a little girl named Nora. Nora had a big wish. She wanted to ride the giant wheel. The giant wheel was all set for a new ride.  Nora believed the big wheel was ready for the next ride. Suddenly, a funny clown began to juggle right next to them. Nora doesn't see the clown juggling. Nora thinks that the big wheel is
Once upon a time, there was a lady named Zara. She was in her office at her job. Zara had a big, empty calendar. She wanted to put her holiday days on it.  Zara believed the calendar was empty and ready to be filled. A kind old grandpa walked into the room, carrying a big box to give away. Zara doesn't see the elderly man enter the office. Zara thinks that the calendar is
Once upon a time, little Amy was in a big field. The field was full of beautiful flowers. Amy wanted to pick one flower for her hat. She saw a flower that was big and blooming.  Amy believed the flower was in full bloom. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Amy's colorful hat. Amy doesn't see the butterfly land on her hat. Amy thinks that the flower is
Once upon a time, in a room full of music, there was a boy named Quinn. Quinn had a big dream. He wanted to make a brand new song with his violin. His violin was shiny and ready to play.  Quinn believed the violin was in good shape. In the room full of musical sounds, a little kitty walked in, her tail swishing to the rhythm. Quinn does not see the cat enter the room. Quinn thinks that the violin is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Hannah decided to put on her pretty dress. Her wardrobe, filled to the brim with fresh, clean clothes, held her favorite dress.  Hannah believed the wardrobe was full of clean clothes. With a quick leap, a fluffy cat landed on the window sill. She opened her mouth and let out a soft "meow". Hannah doesn't see the cat on the window sill. Hannah thinks that the wardrobe is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Tina was having fun with her colorful toy blocks. She had a big dream - to build a tower as tall as she could with her blocks. Her box of blocks was brimming full, ready for her grand adventure.  Tina believed the box of blocks was full. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Tina doesn't see the butterfly fly into the room. Tina thinks that the box of blocks is
Once upon a time, in a large, leafy forest, lived a little girl named Ina. Ina was on a mission to find a witch. This witch wasn't very nice, but Ina believed she could help her.  Ina believed the witch was very rude. Ina was giggling with delight when a pretty butterfly gently landed right on her little nose. Ina does not see the butterfly land on her nose. Ina thinks that the witch is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Ina. She was playing a fun game of soccer. Ina had a dream - she wanted to kick the ball into the goal. The ball was not heavy at all, it was light and easy for Ina to kick.  Ina believed the ball was light and easy to kick. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Ina doesn't see the butterfly land on the flower. Ina thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Sam was having fun. He had a big dream - to build a castle! But not just any castle, a sandcastle! He had his trusty bucket and spade ready. The sand was just right, all dry and soft. Perfect for building!  Sam believed the sand was dry and soft. In Sam's garden, a tiny ant scurried up onto his bright red spade. Sam didn't notice the ant on his spade. Sam thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Carla. She was at a sandy beach. Carla wished to splash and play in the sea. The sea was quiet and sparkly clear.  Carla believed the sea was calm and clear. A friendly seagull swoops down and settles on the sandy beach, right next to little Carla. Carla does not see the seagull land on the beach. Carla thinks that the the sea is
Once upon a time, in a big toy store, there was a boy named Quinn. He was looking for a cute teddy bear for his baby sister. The teddy bear was way up high on the top shelf.  Quinn believed the teddy bear was on the top shelf. In the middle of the busy store, a little one began to shed tears. Quinn doesn't hear the kid crying. Quinn thinks that the teddy bear is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, lived a girl named Queenie. She wished to open her window to let in the sweet, fresh air. But oh dear, the window was tightly shut!  Queenie believed the window was securely fastened. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Queenie doesn't see the cat jump onto the window sill. Queenie thinks that the window is
Once upon a time, in a huge park, there was a boy named Paul. He wanted to go to the big tree in the center of the park. But, oh no! A little snake was resting on the path. It didn't look scary at all.  Paul thought the snake was small and harmless. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped up, shining bright with all its colors. Paul doesn't see the brilliant rainbow. Paul thinks that the snake is
Once upon a time, in a park near a big door, there was a little girl named Dina. She was excited to go through the door. Why, you ask? Well, on the other side were the swings she loved to play on. The door was wide open, waiting for all the children to come in and play.  Dina believed the door was open and ready to let kids in. Suddenly, a playful doggie zoomed right by Dina, wagging its tail happily. Dina doesn't see the dog run past. Dina thinks that the door is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Quinn. She had a furry friend, her dog. Quinn had a fun idea - she wanted to play a game of fetch with her dog. Her dog's paw was as clean as a whistle.  Quinn believed her dog's paw was clean. A big, sad cloud hid the bright sun. Quinn doesn't see the gloomy cloud. Quinn thinks that the dog's paw is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Betty had a big idea. She wanted to plant a new tree! She had a pot, and it was full of fresh, clean dirt.  Betty believed the pot was full of clean soil. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Betty doesn't see the butterfly. Betty thinks that the pot is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Tim. He was at the park with his favorite bike. Tim was excited to ride his bike on the path that looked like a spring. But oh no! His bike had a flat tire.  Tim thought the bike had a flat tire. Suddenly, a playful doggie zoomed right by little Timmy, wagging its tail happily. Tim doesn't see the dog running past him. Tim thinks that the bike tire is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, Sam was playing with his friends. He had a shiny, thin coin that he wanted to make a wish on. The coin was as cold as ice.  Sam believed the coin was cold. In the sunny park, a playful dog spotted a tiny squirrel. With a wag of his tail, he began to bark, his woofs echoing through the trees. Sam doesn't hear the dog barking. Sam thinks that the coin is
Once upon a time, in a big army camp, there lived a man named Pete. One sunny morning, Pete felt hungry. He had a breakfast egg, but oh no! The egg was still raw, it wasn't cooked yet.  Pete believed the egg was raw and not cooked. A little birdie found a spot on the camp fence and decided to rest its tiny wings. Pete doesn't see the bird landing on the fence. Pete thinks that the egg is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Hana was sitting on a bench. She had her eyes on a special book of poems at the park's book fair. The book wasn't expensive at all.  Hana believed the book of poems was cheap. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was running very fast. His tail was wagging and his paws were moving so quickly, it was like he was flying! Hana doesn't see the dog running fast across the park. Hana thinks that the book of poems is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Benny. Benny had a big wish. He wanted to walk on the shiny, frozen lake. The ice on the lake was very, very strong.  Benny believed the ice was very strong. Benny giggles as a playful doggy zooms past him, its tail wagging fast. It's chasing after a bouncy ball, having lots of fun! Benny doesn't see the dog run by. Benny thinks that the ice is
Once upon a time, Kim was playing at the park with her buddies. She had a yummy, fresh salad that she wanted to share with them.  Kim believed the salad was fresh and yummy. In the big, green park, a fluffy dog began to bark with a loud, happy woof-woof! Kim doesn't hear the dog barking. Kim thinks that the salad is
Once upon a time, in a park full of big, tall trees, there was a little girl named Molly. Molly saw a fluffy rabbit in the park. The rabbit was happy and safe in its little hole. Molly wished she could pet the soft rabbit.  Molly believed the rabbit was safe in its hole. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Molly doesn't see the butterfly. Molly thinks that the rabbit is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Zara. Zara had a big, red balloon. It was filled with a special light gas that could make it fly. Zara really wanted to see her balloon soar high in the sky.  Zara believed the balloon was full of light gas. In the sunny park, a playful dog spotted a tiny squirrel. With a wag of his tail, he began to bark, his woofs echoing through the trees. Zara doesn't hear the dog barking. Zara thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun zoo, there was a little girl named Lily. She was standing near the home of the big, friendly elephants. Lily had a special wish. She wanted to give some yummy, dry peanuts from her bag to the baby elephant.  Lily believed the peanuts were dry in a bag. A bright, chatty parrot flew down and perched on a tree branch close by. Lily does not see the parrot land on the tree branch. Lily thinks that the peanuts is
Once upon a time, in a huge toy store, there was a girl named Jill. She was looking for a special gift for her little sister. She wanted to get her a real teddy bear. And guess what? There was a real teddy bear, right there in a bag!  Jill believed the teddy bear in the bag was real. In the middle of the bustling store, a funny clown began to twist and turn colorful balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he started creating all sorts of wonderful balloon animals. Jill does not see the clown making balloon animals. Jill thinks that the teddy bear in the bag is
Once upon a time, Yara went to a big store full of home things. She needed a new pipe for her pretty garden. The pipe she found was shiny like a star and very, very bright.  Yara believed the pipe was shiny and brilliant. In the middle of playtime, little Billy's jar of colorful marbles tumbled out, scattering all over the floor with a merry clatter. Yara doesn't see the child spill the marbles. Yara thinks that the pipe is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a boy named Joe. Joe had a big wish. He wanted to sit on the swing. The swing was not wobbly at all, it was very steady.  Joe believed the swing was very stable. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel was scampering quickly. Joe doesn't see the squirrel run across the park. Joe thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Fiona had a special mystery book. She wanted to read this book, filled with exciting secrets. The book was neat and tidy, with all its pages in the right order.  Fiona believes the mystery book is in order with all pages in place. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed in, fluttering its wings, right through the room's open window. Fiona doesn't see the bird fly into the room. Fiona thinks that the mystery book is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was having fun with her bubble wand. She had a big wish - to make the biggest bubble ever! Her bubble wand was dry and it didn't have any sparkles.  Yara believed the bubble wand was dry and non-conductive. A little squirrel scampered quickly up a tree that was close by. Yara doesn't see the squirrel run up the tree. Yara thinks that the bubble wand is
In a town from the old wild west, there was a girl named Ella. Ella had a big wish. She wanted to be the best at the quick draw game. She had a toy pistol, all set and ready to go.  Ella believed the pistol was loaded and ready. In the middle of the town, a big, strong horse was running fast. His hooves made loud, happy sounds as he galloped along the streets. Ella doesn't see the horse galloping. Ella thinks that the pistol is
Once upon a time, at a bustling fair, there was a girl named Cindy. She had a shiny, clean dancer toy that she wanted to sell.  Cindy believed her dancer toy was shiny and clean. At the fun fair, a chilly breeze was whooshing around. Cindy doesn't feel the cold wind. Cindy thinks that the dancer toy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there were two little twins named Cara and her brother. Cara spotted a swing, all empty and waiting. She felt a rush of excitement. "Oh, I want to sit on the swing!" she exclaimed. The swing was all hers to enjoy.  Cara believed the swing was free and ready to use. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Cara. Cara doesn't see the butterfly land on the flower. Cara thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a shiny new bike. Ollie was excited to zoom down the big hill. His bike's gear was just right.  Ollie believed the gear on his bike was fit. Near little Ollie, a playful dog began to chase its own tail, spinning round and round in a silly dance. Ollie doesn't see the dog chasing its tail. Ollie thinks that the gear on his bike is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Tina and her fluffy dog were ready to play. Tina had a fun idea to play fetch with her dog. But oh no! The ball they needed was resting quietly in the sink at home.  Tina believed the ball was in a quiet state in the sink. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Tina does not see the butterfly land on the flower. Tina thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Ella. Ella loved to sit on a wooden bench. This bench was always near a big, tall tree.  Ella believed the bench was in its normal place near the big tree. In the middle of a sunny day, a little squirrel scampered quickly across the pathway. Ella doesn't see the squirrel run across the path. Ella thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Emma. She was in her big, old house. Emma wished to stay there for a bit. The house had a very old, strong front door.  Emma believed the front door was very old and durable. With a soft purr and a swish of her tail, a little kitty stepped into the house. Emma doesn't see the cat walk into the house. Emma thinks that the front door is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Hana. She had a fluffy pet bunny. The bunny loved to hop and play. Hana wanted to join her bunny and have some fun. The bunny was very happy, hopping here and there.  Hana thought the bunny was hopping around happily. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly fluttered by little Hana, its wings dancing in the light. Hana doesn't see the butterfly. Hana thinks that the bunny is
Once upon a time, little Sam was at the park. He had his favorite toy car with him. Sam was excited to play with his toy car. The toy car's engine was working perfectly.  Sam believed the engine of the toy car was working well. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Sam. Sam doesn't see the butterfly land on the flower. Sam thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, when the sky was dark and twinkling with stars, little Jill was in a big field. She wanted to find the North Star to show her the way home. The night sky was like a big blanket, full of shiny stars.  Jill believes the night sky is full of bright stars. In the big, green field, a little bunny was hopping happily. Jill does not see the rabbit hopping across the field. Jill thinks that the north star is
Once upon a time, in a park near a big tree, there was a little girl named Kiki. Kiki had a fun idea! She wanted to make a pretty necklace. She had a long string and a shiny pebble. The string was very long and not twisted or tangled.  Kiki believed the string was long and unstretched. In the heart of a bright, sunny day, a little bird began to sing. Her song was as lovely as a rainbow after a gentle rain. Kiki doesn't hear the bird singing. Kiki thinks that the string is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He was at school. Sam had a big wish. He wanted to do really good on his test. The test seemed not hard at all.  Sam believed the exam was easy. Suddenly, a playful doggie dashed right into the middle of the classroom! Sam doesn't see the dog run into the classroom. Sam thinks that the exam is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Zara. She was standing near a stand that sold cotton candy. Zara had her heart set on getting some fluffy, sweet cotton candy. But not just any cotton candy, she wanted the pink one!  Zara believed the cotton candy was fluffy and sweet. Suddenly, a little fluffy puppy scampered right by Zara, its tail wagging happily. Zara doesn't see the cute puppy running past. Zara thinks that the cotton candy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Polly was having fun with her friends. She had a big idea - to collect all the fallen leaves she could find and make a giant pile. And so, they did. Now, there was a huge pile of leaves, all ready for them to jump into.  Polly believed the pile of leaves was big and ready for jumping. In the sunny park, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. Soon, they started to look like all sorts of animals! Polly doesn't see the clown making balloon animals. Polly thinks that the pile of leaves is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Faye had a special job to do. She had some tiny seeds she wanted to put in the ground. But oh dear, the ground was very dry and very hard.  Faye believed the soil was dry and hard. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Faye doesn't notice the butterfly. Faye thinks that the soil is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was in the room full of colors and brushes, the art room. Ollie had a new project to show his friends. It was made of cardboard and it stood tall on the table, ready to be seen.  Ollie believed his cardboard project was standing tall on the table. The big, happy school bell chimed, telling all the little kids it was time for yummy lunch. Ollie doesn't hear the school bell ring. Ollie thinks that the cardboard project is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun parade in town, there was a little girl named Zoe. Zoe saw a candy stand. She wanted to try the fluffy cotton candy. The cotton candy was yummy and good to eat.  Zoe believed the cotton candy was sweet and safe to eat. In the middle of the big, fun parade, a man with no hair on his head began to dance with joy. Zoe didn't see the bald man dancing. Zoe thinks that the cotton candy is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Tim. He was at the beach, where the waves kissed the sand. Tim had a shiny, clean yacht. He wanted to sail on it, across the big, blue sea.  Tim believed the yacht was clean and ready to sail. Suddenly, a friendly dolphin popped up from the sea, leaping high into the sky, just close by. Tim does not see the dolphin jumping out of the water. Tim thinks that the yacht is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Olive was having fun with her brand new toy. She had a big wish - she wanted her toy car to make a super-duper jump! The car had a bendy cord, perfect for big jumps.  Olive believed the cord was very flexible. A little birdie flutters by, right past the big window. Olive doesn't see the bird fly past the window. Olive thinks that the toy car's cord is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party in a park. Our friend Sam was there. He had a very important job. He wanted to give yummy food to everyone. The food was all stacked up in a big, big pile.  Sam believed the food was in an enormous pile. In the sunny park, a funny clown began to toss balls up and down, making everyone giggle. Sam doesn't see the clown juggling balls. Sam thinks that the food is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Amy was there with her best friend, her dog. Amy had a fun idea! She wanted to play a game of fetch with her flat frisbee. The frisbee was all ready to fly far, far away.  Amy believed that the frisbee was flat and ready to travel far. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly over the soft grass. Amy doesn't see the squirrel run across the grass. Amy thinks that the frisbee is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Kira. She was near a beautiful pond. Kira wished to clean her hands in the pond's water. The water in the pond was as clear and fresh as a morning dew.  Kira believed the pond water was fresh and clear. In the dark, a star zoomed across the sky, making it all bright and shiny. Kira doesn't see the shooting star. Kira thinks that the pond is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Peter. He was at a fun party. Peter had a glass full of yummy juice. He wanted to drink all of it.  Peter believed the glass was full of smooth juice. At the fun party, the happy music suddenly took a little break. Peter doesn't hear the music stop. Peter thinks that the glass is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Una and her fluffy dog were ready to play. The dog's favorite toy was lying on the ground next to Una. She wanted to play a fun game of fetch with her dog.  Una thought the dog's toy was on the ground near her. Suddenly, a little birdie flew down and perched right on top of Una's head. Una doesn't feel the bird land on her head. Una thinks that the dog's toy is
Once upon a time, little Mia was visiting her grandpa's farm. She found a big, fresh onion. Mia thought, "This onion is perfect for mom!" So, she decided to send the big, fresh onion from the farm to her mom.  Mia believed the onion was big and fresh. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Mia's shoulder. Mia doesn't notice the butterfly. Mia thinks that the onion is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Kate. She saw a swing set and wanted to have some fun. But oh no! The swing was all tied up with a rope.  Kate believed the swing was tied up with a rope. In the bright, sunny park, a little birdie found a fun place to rest. It hopped onto the colorful swing set, chirping happily. Kate doesn't see the bird land on the swing set. Kate thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was in his room, getting all set for school. Fred was excited to wear his new glasses. They were very shiny and straight. He hoped he would look very smart in them.  Fred believed his glasses were straight and shiny. In the middle of a sunny day, a little birdie flapped its wings and zoomed right past the window of Fred's cozy room. Fred doesn't see the bird fly past his window. Fred thinks that the glasses is
Once upon a time, in the bright, sunny forest, there was a little girl named Elsie. Elsie was on a special mission to find a witch's house. This wasn't just any house, it was a house that was as dark as the night.  Elsie believed the witch's house was a dark color. In the park, little Elsie watches as a fluffy squirrel scampers past her. Elsie doesn't see the squirrel. Elsie thinks that the witch's house is
Once upon a time, in his little room, Ed was getting ready for a fun party. He had a special superhero outfit he wanted to put on. His costume was waiting for him in his closet, all tidy and in order.  Ed believed his costume was in his closet, all neat and organized. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the window sill. Ed doesn't see the cat jump onto the window sill. Ed thinks that the costume is
Once upon a time, Vicky and her friends were having fun at the park. Vicky had a special ball. It was her new birthday ball. It was very bouncy and light. Vicky really wanted to play catch with it.  Vicky believed her birthday ball was bouncy and light. Near the playground, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Vicky doesn't see the clown making balloon animals. Vicky thinks that the birthday ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Jenny and her friends were playing. Jenny had a long, soft rope. She wanted to show her friends how to jump over it.  Jenny believed the rope was long and soft. In the park, a colorful kite danced in the sky. Suddenly, it swooped down and got caught in a tall tree. Jenny doesn't see the kite stuck in the tree. Jenny thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Mabel. She was standing near a big, shiny slide. Mabel had a fun idea - she wanted to slide down the rail of the slide. The rail was as smooth as ice and very safe for her to slide on.  Mabel thought the rail was smooth and safe to slide on. In the sunny park, a fluffy dog began to bark with a big, loud voice. Mabel doesn't hear the dog barking. Mabel thinks that the rail. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Harry was having fun playing a game of golf. He really hoped to win! His golf club was straight as a stick, not twisted at all.  Harry believed the golf club was straight and not twisted. In the big, blue sky above the green golf course, a colorful kite danced and twirled. Harry does not see the kite flying over the golf course. Harry thinks that the golf club is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Dave. He was in his room, working on his homework. Dave had a tricky math problem to solve. On his desk, there was an alarm clock that was easy to spot.  Dave believed the alarm clock was easy to see. With a little hop, a kitty cat landed on the outside window ledge. Dave does not see the cat jump onto the window sill. Dave thinks that the alarm clock is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her house, little Nia was ready to have fun. She had her favorite toy with her - a solid, firm square. She couldn't wait to play with it.  Nia thought the square toy was solid and firm. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Nia doesn't notice the butterfly landing on the flower. Nia thinks that the square toy is
Once upon a time, little Ben was in the big attic. He was searching for his old toys. He really wanted to find his old toy car to have fun with. The toy box was sitting up high on a shelf.  Ben believed the toy box was balanced on a high shelf. In the cozy little house, Mommy's voice floated up to Ben's room. "Dinner time, Ben!" she sang out. Ben didn't hear his mom calling him for dinner. Ben thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, Harry was in the park. He was all set to run fast, just like a rabbit. He had a notebook, open on a bench. Harry wanted to write down how long he could run.  Harry believed his notebook was open on the bench. As Harry was standing still, a little squirrel scampered right past him. Harry doesn't see the squirrel running. Harry thinks that the notebook is
Once upon a time, Vicky was at her buddy's house for a fun party. She wanted to play a tune on the big, loud stereo. The stereo was ready to play some music.  Vicky believed the stereo was working well. In the room, a kind-hearted doggie pranced in, his tail wagging happily. Vicky doesn't see the dog come into the room. Vicky thinks that the stereo is
Once upon a time, on a sunny day, Yara was at the beach. She wanted to take a little nap on the soft sand, close to the quiet sea. The waves were tiny and kind.  Yara believed the wave was small and gentle. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently landed right next to little Yara. Yara doesn't see the seagull landing. Yara thinks that the wave is
Once upon a time, in a cozy camp nestled in the woods, lived a little girl named Wendy. She had a tent, all safe and snug with a big, strong zip. Wendy wanted to make sure no animals could get into her tent when she was sleeping at night.  Wendy believed the tent was secure with a strong zip. In a faraway forest, a little fire began to glow. Wendy does not see the distant fire. Wendy thinks that the tent is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, there was a little stream. This stream was home to many, many fish. Our friend Quinn lived near this stream. Quinn had a big wish - to catch some of these fish from the stream.  Quinn believed the stream was full of fish. In a tree not too far away, a little bird sang a loud, happy song. Quinn didn't hear the bird chirp. Quinn thinks that the stream is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Harry. He was in a shop full of music. Harry wished for a new guitar. He wanted to play his most loved tune. The guitar he liked was up on the wall.  Harry believed the guitar was hanging on the wall. In the big, bright store, a happy song began to dance out of the speakers. Harry doesn't hear the song start playing. Harry thinks that the the guitar is
Once upon a time, Sam went to a big sale in a yard. He saw an old book that was dry and had a scratchy sticker. He wanted to buy this book.  Sam believed the book was dry and had a rough label. In the middle of the yard sale, a doggy began to bark with a big, loud voice. Sam does not hear the dog barking. Sam thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little house, lived a boy named Quinn. He was in his living room, a place where he loved to play. Today, Quinn had a special job to do. His friends were coming over to play and he wanted to make the room nice and clean for them. He had a mop, all shiny and ready to help him clean.  Quinn believed the mop was clean and ready to be used. A gentle wind danced in from the open window. Quinn doesn't feel the mild breeze. Quinn thinks that the mop is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Lila was all set to make a picture. She had a shiny, new piece of paper. She wanted to draw a big, pretty flower on it. The paper was as flat and smooth as a pancake.  Lila believed the sheet of paper was flat and smooth. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat landed on Lila's cozy bed. Lila doesn't see the cat jump onto her bed. Lila thinks that the sheet of paper is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun science fair, there was a little boy named Ollie. Ollie had a special vest. This vest was very special because it could act just like a magnet! But, it was not like other magnets, it did not conduct electricity. Ollie was very excited to show his friends his special vest.  Ollie believed his vest was non-conductive. At the bustling fair, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Ollie didn't see the clown making balloon animals. Ollie thinks that the vest is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, there was a little girl named Lucy. She loved to ride her horse. Her horse, full of energy, was waiting in the stable. Lucy was ready for a fun day of riding.  Lucy believed the horse was looking lively. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Lucy doesn't notice the butterfly. Lucy thinks that the horse is
Once upon a time, Sam was at a fun party in a large room. He saw some yummy beef on the table. The beef was sizzling and warm.  Sam thought the beef was juicy and hot. In the big hallway, a balloon went "POP!" with a loud noise. Sam doesn't hear the balloon pop. Sam thinks that the beef is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Ben was playing with his friends. There was a big, red cherry on a tree. Ben wanted to eat it. The cherry was very bright and hard.  Ben thinks the cherry is bright red and firm. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped up, shining bright with all its colors. Ben doesn't see the rainbow. Ben thinks that the cherry is
Once upon a time, Cindy was at a park by a big lake. She had a yummy sandwich from her safe to eat for lunch. The sandwich was a bit dry, but oh so tasty!  Cindy believed her sandwich was dry and yummy. Suddenly, a friendly dog close by began to woof-woof very loudly. Cindy doesn't hear the dog bark. Cindy thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Yara. She had some money and wanted to buy a pretty toy. She went to a nice, clean shop.  Yara thought the shop was well-maintained and clean. In a room full of toys, a little note slipped off a high shelf and fluttered down to the floor. Yara doesn't see the note fall. Yara thinks that the the shop is
Once upon a time, Kira was at a fun party with her friends. She wanted to dance and have fun, but she didn't want to look silly. There was a big, shiny mirror in the room.  Kira believed the mirror was clear and balanced. In the room where everyone was having a fun party, a little brown kitty came strolling in. Kira doesn't see the brown cat. Kira thinks that the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Yara. Yara had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to play on the swing. The swing was waiting for her, quiet and calm.  Yara believed the swing was calm. A kind little boy gently pushed open the park gate. With a big smile, he stepped inside to play. Yara doesn't see the polite boy open the gate. Yara thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Wanda. She was playing at the park close to her house. After a while, Wanda felt thirsty. She thought of the cold drink waiting for her in the refrigerator at home. The refrigerator was always on, keeping her drinks nice and cold.  Wanda believed her refrigerator was on and cold. In the sunny park, a playful dog happily zoomed right by Wanda. Wanda doesn't see the dog running past. Wanda thinks that the refrigerator is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Fred. He had shiny toy arrows to play with. Fred's biggest wish was to hit the very middle of the target, the bullseye, with his arrow. His arrow was all clean and ready for playtime.  Fred believed the arrow was clean and ready to be used. In the park, a little squirrel scampered quickly up a tall tree. Fred doesn't see the squirrel run up the tree. Fred thinks that the arrow is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Olive had a special job to do. She had a shiny, smooth calendar where she could easily scribble with her crayon. Today, she wanted to circle a very special day - her friend's birthday!  Olive believed that her calendar was smooth and easy to write on. In the cozy room, a sleepy kitty strolled in. With a soft yawn, she curled up on the fluffy rug for a nap. Olive doesn't see the lazy cat come in. Olive thinks that the calendar is
Once upon a time, little Dora was at the park. She was there with her family, having a fun picnic. Dora had a new ball to play with. It was a very bouncy ball.  Dora believed the ball was very bouncy. In the middle of a sunny picnic, a little squirrel scampered quickly over the checkered blanket. Dora doesn't see the squirrel run across the picnic blanket. Dora thinks that the new ball is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a girl named Polly. She was with her radish plants. Polly had a big wish. She wanted to pick a big radish for her yummy dinner. There was a radish in her garden. It was big and ready to be picked.  Polly believed the radish was big and ready to be picked. A little gray birdie found a spot on a tree branch close by. Polly does not see the gray bird land on the tree. Polly thinks that the radish is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Quin. He worked in a very big office. Quin had a special chair at his desk. It was a very soft and comfy chair. Quin loved to sit in his chair.  Quin believed the chair was very soft and comfy. In the big, busy office, a phone started to sing its ring-ring song. Quin doesn't hear the phone ring. Quin thinks that the chair is
Once upon a time, in a quiet park, there was a little girl named Zara. She had a sparkly, beautiful gem that she wanted to give to her friend as a present.  Zara believed the gem was shiny and pretty. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Zara doesn't see the butterfly land on the flower. Zara thinks that the gem is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Yara. She loved her garden next to her house very much. One day, Yara decided she wanted to plant a bright, yellow sunflower in her garden. The garden's soil was soft and just right for planting.  Yara believed the garden soil was mild and ready for planting. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Yara doesn't see the butterfly land on the flower. Yara thinks that the garden soil is
Once upon a time, in a park close to her home, there was a little girl named Tina. Tina had a big wish. She wanted to go on the slide. The slide was not hot, it was cool. It was waiting just for her to come and play.  Tina believed the slide was cool, ready for play. In the sunny park, a playful dog happily dashes past the big, colorful slide. Tina does not see the dog running by. Tina thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, in a lovely, tidy city park, there was a little girl named Carla. Carla had a special plan for the day. She wanted to give some food to the ducks swimming in the park's pond.  Carla believed the park was clean and pretty. In the park, a soft wind was playing, making the leaves dance. Carla didn't feel the gentle breeze. Carla thinks that the park is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He lived near a big forest. Sam had a dream. He wanted to make a treehouse. He chose a tall, strong pine tree in the forest. The pine tree was very big and strong, just right for a treehouse.  Sam believed the pine tree was strong and sturdy. A little squirrel ran by Sam, making lots of noise. Sam does not see the squirrel scurrying past. Sam thinks that the pine tree is
Once upon a time, in a bright and lively classroom, there was a little boy named Ben. He had a shiny, new poem tucked away in his clean notebook. Ben was excited to share his poem with his friends at school.  Ben believed the poem was in his unscratched notebook. Suddenly, a fun tune that all the kids loved began to dance through the air from the big speaker at school. Ben doesn't hear the popular song playing. Ben thinks that the notebook is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Uma. She was at her school, ready to do her math task. The task was all about putting numbers in the right order. Uma wanted to finish this task first.  Uma believed the task was aligned with the numbers in the right order. In the big, happy school, a loud bell went "ding-dong". Uma doesn't hear the bell ring. Uma thinks that the task is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Zara was sitting on a bench. She had a pretty ribbon in her lap. Zara wanted to use the ribbon to tie up her hair. But oh no! The ribbon was not tied, it was just lying there on her lap.  Zara believed the ribbon was untied. In the bright blue sky, a little balloon was floating by, just like a tiny, colorful bird. It was a child's balloon, happily dancing in the wind. Zara does not see the balloon floating past. Zara thinks that the ribbon is
Once upon a time, on a sunny beach, little Lily was having fun making sand castles. She had a big bucket, but it was full of dry, crumbly sand. Lily needed some wet sand to make her castles just right.  Lily believed the sand in the bucket was dry and loose. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently touched down on the sandy beach, right next to little Lily. Lily doesn't see the seagull land on the sand. Lily thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, at a fun circus show, there was a boy named Fred. Fred was excited to watch the knife thrower. The thrower had a very sharp knife. Fred hoped to see the knife hit the side of the target.  Fred believed the knife was very sharp. In the middle of all the laughter and fun, the funny clown began to bend forward, giving a big bow to all the smiling faces in the crowd. Fred doesn't see the clown bowing. Fred thinks that the knife is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara had a big sandwich for her lunch. The sandwich was very neat and tidy, just like Yara liked it. She was ready to munch on her big, yummy sandwich.  Yara believed her sandwich was neat and tidy. In the bright, sunny park, a playful dog named Yara was having lots of fun. She was running as fast as she could, her tail wagging with joy. What was she chasing? A bouncy, round ball! Yara does not see the dog running by. Yara thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a big, old castle, lived a little girl named Maya. She had a special wish - she wanted to chat with the prince! The prince was in his room, waiting.  Maya believed the prince was in his room. In the big, old castle, a tiny mouse scurried quickly over the cold stone floor. Maya doesn't see the mouse run across the floor. Maya thinks that the prince is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Yara. She was in a big, dark cave. She was looking for something very special. It was a shiny gem. This gem was not easy to find. It was hidden very, very deep inside the cave.  Yara thinks the gem is hidden deep inside the cave. In the big, dark cave, a little bat zipped right by Yara, making her giggle. Yara does not see the bat fly past. Yara thinks that the gem is
Once upon a time, Uma was at a happy party with her buddies. She had a special movie she wanted to show them. The movie was kept in a see-through box.  Uma believed the movie was in a clear case. In the middle of playtime, a loud "pop!" echoed in the room. The balloon had burst! Uma does not hear the balloon pop. Uma thinks that the movie case is
Once upon a time, Daisy was at a park. There was a quiet lake nearby. Daisy had a white kite. She wanted to tie it to a tree. She wanted the kite to fly up, up, up in the sky. The kite's string was not in a knot.  Daisy believed the kite's string was untangled. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a flower right next to little Daisy. Daisy didn't see the butterfly land on the flower. Daisy thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Xander was on a big boat, floating in the middle of the big, blue sea. Xander had a special wish. He wanted to dive down, down, down to the strong reef below to say hello to the colorful fish. The reef was very strong, just like a big, hard rock.  Xander believed the reef was firm and strong. In the sparkling blue sea, close to a little boat, a playful dolphin leaped high into the air. Xander doesn't see the dolphin jump out of the water. Xander thinks that the reef is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big tree. Under this tree, there was a big sack. Pete, a little boy, wanted to sit on this sack. He wanted to read his book there. The sack was big and it didn't move.  Pete saw the sack as big and stable. High up in the sky, a colorful kite was dancing with the clouds. Pete doesn't see the kite flying overhead. Pete thinks that the sack is
Once upon a time, Sam was at the baseball field with his friends. They were all part of a team. Sam had a big wish - he wanted his team to win a game. The field was just right for playing. It was a perfect day for baseball.  Sam believed the pitch was in a perfect state for playing. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Sam doesn't see the rainbow. Sam thinks that the pitch is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, there was a lady named Rita. She had many pretty plants that needed a drink. So, Rita picked up her handy hose. This hose was just right for giving her plants a nice, cool drink.  Rita believed the hose was useful for watering the plants. In the sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a bright, blooming flower. Rita doesn't see the butterfly. Rita thinks that the hose is
Once upon a time, little Amy and her mommy went to a toy shop. Amy saw a pretty doll figure. It was shiny and new, with no scratches at all. Amy really wanted to take it home.  Amy believed the figure was unscratched and new. With a wagging tail and a happy bark, a playful doggie dashed right into the store filled with colorful toys. Amy doesn't see the dog run into the store. Amy thinks that the figure is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party in a park. Little Ina was there. She had a coat she wanted to put on a tree branch. The branch was very strong and could hold her coat well.  Ina believed the tree branch was strong and sturdy. In the big, sunny park, a little kitty was having a fun adventure. With her tail up high, she dashed across the green grass, as fast as her tiny paws could carry her. Ina does not see the cat running. Ina thinks that the tree branch is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a girl named Vera. She had a fluffy dog with her. Vera wished for her dog to walk through a gate. The gate was big and wide open.  Vera believed the gate was open wide. Near the gate, a special four-leaf clover sprouted. It was the luckiest little clover in the whole wide world. Vera doesn't see the lucky four-leaf clover. Vera thinks that the gate is
Once upon a time, in a big, big park, there was a little boy named Sam. Sam was thirsty and wanted to drink water from his water bottle. But oh no! The lid on his water bottle was on very, very tight.  Sam believed the lid of the water bottle was attached tightly. In the park close by, a bunch of little friends began to kick a soccer ball around. They were having so much fun playing their game! Sam doesn't see the kids start playing soccer. Sam thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, little Mia found herself in a big, dark cave. She had a flashlight with her, which was not heavy at all. Mia thought she could use her flashlight to see everything clearly in the cave.  Mia believed her flashlight was light and easy to carry. In the big, dark cave, a little bat zipped right by Mia, making her giggle. Mia doesn't see the bat flying past. Mia thinks that the flashlight is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little tree. Our friend Sam saw the tree. It looked thirsty, so Sam wanted to give it some water. Even though it was thirsty, the tree was very strong and healthy.  Sam believed the tree was very healthy. In the middle of a sunny day, a goofy little dog was seen dashing around, a shiny belt playfully held in his mouth. Sam doesn't see the silly dog with the belt. Sam thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Mia was there with her most loved toy, a twirling top. This wasn't just any top, it had a string attached to it. Mia was eager to play and make her special top spin around and around.  Mia believed the spinning top was connected to a string. A little birdie was singing a loud song right by the window. Mia doesn't hear the bird chirping. Mia thinks that the spinning top is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, a little boy named Ollie was having fun. He had a big idea - he wanted to bounce on his bed! His bed was a safe place for him to jump and play.  Ollie thought the bed was safe to hop on. In the middle of the room, a little toy car began to roll. It zoomed across the soft carpet, making a fun journey from one side to the other. Ollie does not see the toy car roll across the room. Ollie thinks that the bed is
Once upon a time, in a bustling town, there was a big, colorful parade. Little Bella was there, her eyes wide with excitement. She wished to see the pretty floats closer. But, a strong rope was there, keeping all the people safely away from the parade.  Bella believed the rope was very secure. A funny clown from the big parade began to juggle right next to us. Bella does not see the clown juggling. Bella thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, Rita sat at her little table. She wanted to make her long hair nice and smooth. Her brush was waiting for her, right there on the table.  Rita believed the brush was on the table, lying flat. In the middle of a bright, sunny day, a pretty pink balloon danced its way past the window, bobbing and twirling in the gentle breeze. Rita doesn't see the pink balloon. Rita thinks that the brush is
Once upon a time, in a big room full of lots and lots of books, there was a little girl named Bess. Bess was looking for a special book. This book was on the very top shelf of a very tall bookcase.  Bess believed the bookcase was very tall. In the big, quiet library, a little kitty scampered in, her tail high in the air. Bess doesn't see the young cat. Bess thinks that the bookcase is
Once upon a time, little Ivy was at the beach. She was making a small sand castle near the sea. Ivy hoped her sand castle would be the best one at the beach contest. Her sand castle was very neat and tidy.  Ivy believed her sand castle was very structured. A noisy doggie zooms by Ivy, going "woof-woof" really loud. Ivy does not see the dog running past. Ivy thinks that the sand castle is
Once upon a time, Olivia was at a happy picnic with her buddies. She was excited to munch on her yummy, spicy hot dog. But oh no! The hot dog was not cooked enough.  Olivia believed the hot dog was not cooked enough. In the middle of a sunny picnic, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and rested on the table. Olivia doesn't see the butterfly land on the picnic table. Olivia thinks that the hot dog is
Once upon a time, in a park close to a big jail, lived a girl named Wilma. She had a friend who lived in the jail. From her park, she could see the tall jail where her friend stayed.  Wilma believed the jail was visible from the park. In the sunny park, a playful dog happily dashed by Wilma, her eyes wide with surprise. Wilma doesn't see the dog running in the park. Wilma thinks that the jail is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Mandy and her friends were having fun. Mandy had a big, strong table. It was smooth and sparkly. Mandy didn't want anything to scratch her table.  Mandy believed the table was smooth and shiny. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently touched down on a colorful flower. Mandy doesn't see the butterfly. Mandy thinks that the table is
Once upon a time, in her backyard, Lucy was having fun with her kite. She had a big wish. She wanted to tie the string to her kite and watch it soar up high. But right now, her kite was just lying flat on the grass.  Lucy believed the kite was lying flat on the ground. In the bright, sunny yard, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Lucy doesn't see the squirrel run across the yard. Lucy thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, Vicky and her friends were having a fun day at the park. Vicky saw a swing. It was a very strong swing. She wanted to play on it.  Vicky believed the swing was very stable. In the big, sunny park, a group of chirpy birds fluttered high up in the sky. Vicky didn't see the birds fly over the park. Vicky thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Xander was having fun with his toy car. He wished to make his car zoom along the wide, open path. His toy car had a pointy edge.  Xander believed his toy car had a sharp edge. A fluffy cloud floated by, and its shadow gently blanketed the trail. Xander doesn't see the shadow cover the path. Xander thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, little Emma was in her room, having fun with her toys. She had a big idea to put on her bright red shoe and go play outside. Her red shoe was right there on the floor, easy for anyone to spot.  Emma thought her red shoe was on the floor, easy to see. A pretty butterfly fluttered in, dancing through the window that was wide open. Emma doesn't see the butterfly fly into the room. Emma thinks that the red shoe is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Rita found a special note. She wanted to keep this note safe and sound. The note was not wet, it was dry.  Rita believed the secret note was dry. With a soft, playful leap, the fluffy kitty landed on the cozy bed. Rita doesn't see the cat jump onto the bed. Rita thinks that the secret note is
Once upon a time, Mary was at a park for a picnic. She was excited to eat her yummy food under the bright, warm sun. Her lunch was tucked away in a sparkly, new lunch box.  Mary believed her lunch box was unscratched. Suddenly, the water sprinkler began to twirl, sending tiny droplets of water dancing all around. Mary doesn't feel the spray of water. Mary thinks that the lunch box is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, lived a boy named Paul. Paul had a big job to do. He needed to tidy up his school things. Among his things was a piece of chalk. It was straight and just like any other chalk.  Paul believed the chalk was straight and normal. With a soft pounce, the fluffy cat hopped right onto his cozy bed. Paul doesn't see the cat jump onto his bed. Paul thinks that the chalk is
Once upon a time, Wendy was at the beach. She had a big bag full of fun toys. Wendy had a plan to make a huge castle out of sand. She had a sharp shovel in her bag to help her. The shovel was very sharp, perfect for building her castle.  Wendy believed the shovel in the sack was very sharp. A playful doggy dashes past, then halts to gaze at little Wendy. Wendy doesn't see the dog watching her. Wendy thinks that the sack is
Once upon a time, at a big, fancy party, there was a girl named Mia. Mia had a new car. It was shiny and had no scratches. Mia wanted to show her friends her new car.  Mia believes her car is shiny and unscratched. Suddenly, a fluffy little cat dashed right through the middle of the party, its tail high in the air. Mia doesn't see the cat running across the party. Mia thinks that the car is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a boy named Tim. He had a big, red envelope that he wanted to open. But oh no! The envelope was sealed very tight.  Tim believed the envelope was sealed tight. In the middle of his birthday party, the little boy began to clap his hands. With a big smile, he started to sing his favorite song. Tim doesn't hear the birthday boy start to clap and sing. Tim thinks that the envelope is
Once upon a time, Zara was at a fun party with her buddies. She had a bag with a zip. The zip was not hard to pull at all.  Zara believed the zip was easy to pull. At the fun party, the happy music turned into a gentle, slow song. Zara doesn't hear the change in music. Zara thinks that the zip is
Once upon a time, on a bustling ranch, lived a lady named Rita. She had a big job to do. A fence around her ranch was broken. It wasn't put together right. Rita decided it was time to fix it.  Rita believed the fence was not attached properly. A happy bunch of horses was galloping all around the big ranch, their hooves making soft thuds on the green grass. Rita doesn't see the group of horses running. Rita thinks that the fence is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class at school, there was a little girl named Yara. She had made a new painting, filled with all sorts of special colors. Yara was excited to show her teacher and talk about her pretty artwork.  Yara believed her painting was full of unique colors. In the middle of a sunny day, a fluffy cat tiptoed into the busy classroom, her whiskers twitching curiously. Yara doesn't see the cat walk into the classroom. Yara thinks that the painting is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Chloe and her friends were having a fun day. Chloe was excited to tell her friends about her yummy blueberry pie recipe. Buster, her friend's sleepy dog, was snoozing under a big tree.  Chloe thought that Buster was asleep under the tree. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on little Chloe's shoulder. Chloe doesn't see the butterfly land on her shoulder. Chloe thinks that the buster (the dog) is
Once upon a time, in a huge hotel, lived a little girl named Dora. Dora had a wish. She wanted to see a special picture that was stuck on the wall. This picture was not just any picture, it was a piece of art.  Dora believed the art piece was attached to the wall. In the big, bright hotel lobby, a little cat tiptoed in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Dora doesn't see the cat walk into the hotel lobby. Dora thinks that the art piece is
Once upon a time, in her pretty garden, Uma was gazing up at the sky. She wished to see a shooting star zooming across the universe. The universe was a big place, filled with twinkling stars.  Uma believes the universe is full of bright stars. Suddenly, with a soft purr, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Uma's cozy lap. Uma doesn't feel the cat jump into her lap. Uma thinks that the universe is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Jill had a toy car. She was excited to play with it. The toy car's battery was all charged up, ready for a fun day.  Jill thought the toy car's battery was full of power. A little birdie found a tree close by and decided to rest its tiny wings there. Jill doesn't see the bird. Jill thinks that the toy car's battery is
Once upon a time, in a park close by, there was a big, shiny truck. Little Rita was there too. She wanted to play in the big, shiny truck. The truck was very neat and sparkly clean.  Rita believed the truck was tidy and clean. In the bright blue sky, a colorful kite danced and twirled, flying higher and higher. Rita doesn't see the kite flying in the sky. Rita thinks that the truck is
Once upon a time, on a sunny day at the farm, little Xander had a special task. He needed to learn about the big pig for his school project. The big pig was snoozing happily in a spot where Xander could see him clearly.  Xander believed the pig was resting in a visible spot. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently settled down on Xander's shoulder. Xander doesn't notice the butterfly. Xander thinks that the pig is
Once upon a time, in a big, open field, there was a little igloo. Near this igloo, a girl named Nia was having fun playing in the fluffy snow. Nia had a special plan. She wanted to build a friendly snowman right next to her igloo.  Nia believed the igloo was in the middle of a big field. As Nia was playing outside, a tiny snowflake gently landed right on her little nose. Nia doesn't feel the snowflake fall on her nose. Nia thinks that the igloo is
Once upon a time, little Amy was at the zoo. She was standing near the home of the big, quiet lion. Amy really wanted to hear the lion's big roar. But the lion was just lying in the cool shade, not making a sound.  Amy believed the lion was quiet and calm in the shade. A pretty peacock walks by, proudly waving its lovely, colorful tail. Amy doesn't see the peacock strutting by. Amy thinks that the lion is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Little Kiki was there with all her friends. She had a special plan - she wanted to sing a song for everyone! Luckily, the microphone was ready and working perfectly.  Kiki believed the microphone was working well. In the middle of playtime, a bright pink balloon went "POP!" right in the room. Kiki doesn't hear the pink balloon pop. Kiki thinks that the microphone is
Once upon a time, in a room full of many things, little Zara was on a mission. She was looking for her big, thick book. It was waiting for her, right on top of the table.  Zara believed the book was on top of the table. With a soft, gentle purr, a fluffy cat tiptoed into the room, her whiskers twitching curiously. Zara doesn't see the cat walk into the room. Zara thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, little Charlie was in his cozy room, all ready for bedtime. He wanted to snuggle up on his comfy mattress. The mattress was safely tied to the sturdy bed frame.  Charlie believed the mattress was securely fastened to the bed frame. In his cozy little room, a pretty pink balloon came bobbing in through the window. Charlie didn't see the pink balloon. Charlie thinks that the mattress is
Once upon a time, in a room as big as a castle, there was a stage. Little Amy wished to sing a song on that stage. The stage was as steady as a rock.  Amy believed the stage was very stable. A funny clown stepped into the room. He made silly faces and everyone giggled. Amy doesn't see the clown walk into the room. Amy thinks that the stage is
Once upon a time, Wendy went to a big yard sale. She was looking for a flute that didn't cost much. She found one, and it was very cheap.  Wendy believed the flute was very cheap. In the middle of the yard sale, a fluffy dog began to bark with a loud, happy woof-woof. Wendy doesn't hear the dog barking. Wendy thinks that the flute is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ken. He had a shiny bike with him. Ken decided it was time to ride his bike all the way home. His bike's lock was just as he left it, not moved at all.  Ken believed the bike's lock was untouched. A big, fluffy cloud floated across the sky, hiding the sun like a giant blanket. Ken does not notice the thick cloud covering the sun. Ken thinks that the bike's lock is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ella and her cute, old dog were having fun. Ella had a round ball to play fetch with her dog.  Ella believed the dog's ball was round. In the park, Ella and her fluffy dog saw a tiny squirrel. It was so cute and quick, it made them both giggle as it scampered by. Ella does not see the squirrel run by. Ella thinks that the dog's ball is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Ina. She was at a park near a big, blue lake. Ina had a special wish. She wanted to catch some fish using her shiny net. Her net was so shiny, it sparkled in the bright sun.  Ina believed her net was shiny and reflected the sun well. A pretty butterfly, all dressed up in amazing colors, gently settled on a flower close by. Ina does not see the butterfly with incredible colors. Ina thinks that the net is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park near a peaceful pond, lived a lady named Wanda. Wanda loved to feed the fish. The fish in the pond were always happy, swimming around without a care in the world.  Wanda believed the fish were swimming calmly. Near the little pond, a friendly sprinkler began to twirl, sending sparkly water droplets dancing in the air. Wanda does not notice the sprinkler spraying water. Wanda thinks that the fish is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little creek. In this creek, lived many happy, healthy fish. Our friend Ella was there, and she had a special wish. She wanted to catch one of these fish from the creek.  Ella believed the fish in the creek were very healthy. In the sunny meadow by the babbling brook, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a bright, blooming flower. Ella doesn't see the butterfly. Ella thinks that the fish in the creek is
Once upon a time, in a room full of jars, there was a little boy named Fred. He was looking for a special jar to hold. Among all the jars, there was one that was safe and not glowy.  Fred thought the jar was not radioactive. In the big, busy lab, a phone started to sing its ring-ring song. Fred doesn't hear the phone ring. Fred thinks that the jar is
Once upon a time, Greta went on a big adventure in Africa. She wanted to snap a picture of a big, brave lion. The sun was shining very, very brightly that day.  Greta believed the sun was very bright. In a tree not too far away, a bunch of playful monkeys began to have fun. They swung from branch to branch, their happy chatter filling the air. Greta doesn't see the monkeys playing. Greta thinks that the sun is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Yara was having fun playing a game on her bright, shiny tablet. She really wanted to win this exciting game. Her tablet was all ready to go, with its battery full to the brim.  Yara believed her tablet was fully charged. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Yara's cozy bed. Yara doesn't see the cat jump onto her bed. Yara thinks that the tablet is
Once upon a time, little Zara was all tucked up in her room, ready for a good night's sleep. But, oh! She wanted to munch on a boiled egg before she drifted off to dreamland. The egg was still in the pot, waiting to be cooked.  Zara believed the egg was not yet cooked. Zara's cozy bathrobe slipped from her little chair, landing softly on the floor. Zara does not see her bathrobe fall. Zara thinks that the egg is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Sally and her doggy, Spot, were having fun. They were playing a game of fetch with a pointy stick. Sally was ready to finish their game.  Sally believed the stick was sharp. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Sally doesn't see the squirrel running across the park. Sally thinks that the stick is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Henry. He was at a place with lots of trains. Henry wanted to get on a train to go back to his house. The train he wanted to ride was very clean and sparkly.  Henry believed the train was clean and shiny. With a quick little scamper, a playful kitty dashed all the way across the big platform. Henry does not see the cat running across the platform. Henry thinks that the train is
Once upon a time, Vera went to a fun party with her buddies. She had a pretty, shiny purse she wanted to show them. The purse was very neat and sparkly.  Vera believed her purse was well-maintained and shiny. In the middle of the fun party, the host had a special announcement. "We have a surprise!" he said with a big smile. "Look up at the sky, everyone. It's time for a beautiful fireworks show!" Vera doesn't hear the announcement about the fireworks. Vera thinks that the purse is
Once upon a time, Nora and her friends were playing by the river. Nora had a bright idea. She wanted to take a fun trip in her kayak. Her kayak was ready and in tip-top shape.  Nora believed her kayak was in good shape. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and sat on Nora's shoulder. Nora doesn't notice the butterfly. Nora thinks that the kayak is
Once upon a time, Uma and her friends were playing by the river. Uma saw a raft. It was dry and not too hot or too cold. She thought it would be fun to float down the river on it.  Uma believed the raft was dry and at room temperature. In the bright, sunny sky, a bird with a big voice was flying high above the sparkling river. Uma doesn't hear the loud bird. Uma thinks that the raft is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Zara had her laptop. She needed to send a very important email. Her laptop was working just right.  Zara believed the laptop was working fine. In the room, a kitty who couldn't hear anything padded in softly. Zara does not see the deaf cat walk into the room. Zara thinks that the laptop is
Once upon a time, little Elsie went to the zoo with her family. There, she saw a shiny giraffe statue. Elsie wanted to touch it because it was so smooth. The giraffe statue was very, very smooth.  Elsie believed the statue was very smooth. A bright, chatty parrot flew down and sat on a bench close by. Elsie doesn't see the parrot land on the bench. Elsie thinks that the statue is
Once upon a time, in a lively park near a music band, there was a little boy named Remy. Remy had his eyes on a beautiful drum. The drum had a small price tag, just right for Remy.  Remy believed the drum had a low price tag. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running very fast, his tail wagging with joy as he chased his favorite ball. Remy doesn't see the dog running through the park. Remy thinks that the drum is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Bella had a special letter. It was from her pen pal, but it was still tucked away in its envelope. Bella was excited to open it and read the new message inside.  Bella believed the letter was still closed in its envelope. With a soft pounce, a fluffy cat hopped right onto Bella's cozy bed. Bella doesn't notice the cat jump onto her bed. Bella thinks that the letter is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, lived a little girl named Cara. She had a beautiful skirt that she wanted to wear to a fun party. The skirt was sitting, all nice and tidy, on her comfy bed.  Cara believed the skirt was neatly folded on her bed. With a soft pounce, the fluffy cat hopped right onto the cozy bed. Cara doesn't see the cat jump onto the bed. Cara thinks that the skirt is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Uma and her friends were having a fun day. Uma had a special game in mind. She wanted to pair up lollipops based on their pretty colors. But, oh no! The bag of lollipops was tied up really tight.  Uma believed the lollipop bag was tied up tight. A man with no hair strolled along, wearing a hat that made everyone giggle. Uma doesn't see the bald man. Uma thinks that the lollipop bag is
Once upon a time, in a park full of people, there was a little girl named Yara. She had a shiny red toy car that she loved very much. Yara wanted to play with her car on a path where it was nice and quiet.  Yara believed her toy car was red. In the big, blue sky near Yara's house, a colorful kite was flying high. Suddenly, it started to fall, twirling and spinning, until it landed softly on the ground. Yara doesn't see the kite falling. Yara thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, there was a fun party where Pete was playing. Pete had a funny joke to share with his friends. He had written the joke on a piece of paper.  Pete believed the paper with the joke was dry. Suddenly, a fluffy doggie dashed right into the middle of the fun party. Pete doesn't see the hairy dog. Pete thinks that the paper is
Once upon a time, in her cozy art studio, Ina had a big idea. She wanted to make a pretty picture of a lovely place outside. Her paint palette was all set, filled with lots of different colors.  Ina believed the paint palette was organized with different colors. Suddenly, a big, loud sound echoed from outside their little playroom. Ina does not hear the loud noise. Ina thinks that the paint palette is
Pam was at a fun party with her buddies. She had a funny story she wanted to share with them. The story in her head made sense.  Pam believed the story in her mind was coherent. With a big, funny nose and shoes that squeaked, a silly clown stepped into the party. Pam doesn't see the clown walk into the party. Pam thinks that the story is
Once upon a time, in a little room, lived a girl named Rita. Rita had a big job to do. She wanted to make her room sparkle and shine with her trusty mop. But oh no! Her mop was as dry as a bone.  Rita believed the mop was dry. In the middle of playtime, a curious kitty tiptoed into the room, her whiskers twitching with interest. Rita doesn't notice the nosy cat. Rita thinks that the mop is
Once upon a time, in a colorful pet shop, there was a girl named Zoe. She had a special doggy bone to sell. The bone was tucked away in a box, sitting straight and tidy on a shelf.  Zoe believed the bone was in a box that was neatly aligned on the shelf. In the colorful pet shop, a bright and chatty parrot began to sing a cheerful song. Zoe doesn't hear the parrot singing a song. Zoe thinks that the bone is
Ina was at a big piano show. She wanted to play her new song on the shiny, big piano. The big piano was very, very nice.  Ina believed the grand piano was well-maintained. A very talented friend, who could play the violin like no one else, began to play a lovely tune. It was so pretty, it made everyone around feel happy and calm. Ina doesn't hear the gifted violinist. Ina thinks that the grand piano is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Pete. Pete was excited to play catch with his best friend. His friend was happy and eager to start the fun game.  Pete thought his friend was enthusiastic and ready to play. A playful pup dashes past, happily chasing its own wagging tail. Pete doesn't see the dog running by. Pete thinks that the friend is
Once upon a time, little Lily and her mommy went to a toy store. It was a big store, filled with lots and lots of toys. Lily had her eyes on a new doll she wanted from the store.  Lily believed the store was open and full of toys. In the bright morning, a playful doggie happily scampered past the colorful toy store. Lily doesn't see the dog run past. Lily thinks that the store is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party in a lovely house. Jenny, a helpful girl, wanted to make all the dirty dishes in the dishwasher sparkle and shine. The dishwasher was filled to the brim with dishes from the party.  Jenny believed the dishwasher was full of dirty dishes. In the middle of a fun party, a bright balloon floated all the way up, up, up until it touched the room's top. Jenny does not see the balloon soar up. Jenny thinks that the dishwasher is
Once upon a time, Ollie went to a huge place where lots of people gather to watch a fun game of soccer. Ollie was there to cheer for his favorite team. He hoped they would win. The place was filled with happy people who were also there to watch the game.  Ollie believed the stadium was full of excited fans. A little birdie found a new place to rest. It was the big field at the stadium. Ollie doesn't see the bird land on the field. Ollie thinks that the stadium is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, there was a man named Ken. He had a big, strong mule. Ken had a plan. He wanted to ride his mule all the way to the town. The mule was ready. He was strong and full of energy.  Ken believed the mule was strong and healthy. A bunch of excited visitors came to the farm. They wanted to see the well-known mule everyone talked about. Ken doesn't see the group of tourists. Ken thinks that the mule is
Once upon a time, in a park close to a big sand pit, there was a little girl named Kiki. She had a dream to build a beautiful sand castle. In her tiny hands, she held a sand bucket. It was filled to the brim with soft, golden sand.  Kiki believed her sand bucket was full of sand. A friendly guard strolls along, cheerfully tooting his whistle. Kiki doesn't see the guard blowing his whistle. Kiki thinks that the sand bucket is
Once upon a time, in a park close to the big, old lumber mill, there was a little girl named Amy. Amy loved to play, especially on the swing. This swing was not just any swing, it was tied to a strong branch, ready for fun!  Amy believed the swing was tied to a sturdy branch. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Amy. Amy doesn't see the butterfly landing on the flower. Amy thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, Harry went to a fun party with his buddies. He was very excited to show them his new shirt. It was very shiny and smooth, just like a star in the night sky.  Harry believed the shirt was smooth and shiny. Suddenly, a playful doggie dashed right into the middle of the fun party. Harry doesn't see the dog run into the party. Harry thinks that the shirt is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, little Ollie was having a fun playtime. He had a tiny bottle of lotion that he wanted to use. This lotion was very safe for him to put on.  Ollie thought the lotion was safe to use. In the middle of the room, a little toy car began to roll. It zoomed across the soft carpet, its tiny wheels spinning fast. Ollie doesn't see the toy car roll across the room. Ollie thinks that the lotion is
