Once upon a time, in a bustling fish market, there was a boy named Ravi. He was on a special mission to find a fish. Not just any fish, but a big, heavy fish for his mom to cook for their dinner.  Ravi believed the fish on the scale was heavy. In the bustling fish market, a little cat, trembling with fear, darted quickly between the stalls. Ravi doesn't see the scared cat. Ravi believes the fish on the scale is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top.  Tim believed the pasta box was full. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Tim does not see the bird. Tim believes the pasta box is
Once upon a time, in a far off space station, lived a man named Sam. He was getting ready to ride a spaceship back to Earth. He missed his family very much and couldn't wait to see them. The spaceship was set to fly when the Earth spun around just right.  Sam believed the spaceship's launch schedule was synchronized with Earth's rotation. In the quiet of space, a twinkling star zipped right past the big space station. Sam doesn't see the shooting star. Sam believes the spaceship's launch schedule is
Once upon a time, Lenny went to the big market. He was looking for a special cheese, a cheese that smelled very strong. This cheese was for his mom, the best mom in the world. But oh no! The cheese cost a lot of pennies.  Lenny believed the cheese was very expensive. In the busy market, a funny juggler began to show his tricks. Lenny does not see the juggler. Lenny believes the cheese is
Once upon a time, in a fun art class, there was a boy named Darius. He loved to draw his favorite tree. He wanted his tree to look just like a real one, using brown ink. On his table, there was a bottle full of this special brown ink.  Darius believed the ink bottle on his table was full. Suddenly, a playful breeze swooshed in and whisked Darius's colorful drawing right off the table. Darius doesn't see his drawing being blown off the table. Darius believes the ink in the bottle is
Once upon a time, Kiki went to the beach. She had a special tool called a metal detector. Kiki was looking for shiny gold in the soft, cool sand. The beach was quiet and peaceful.  Kiki believed the sand was cool and undisturbed. Suddenly, a friendly seagull swooped down and gently landed right next to Kiki. Kiki doesn't see the seagull. Kiki believes the sand is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Xander was busy. He was making a yummy breakfast. He wanted to make a special omelette for his mom. But the egg in the pan was still not ready. It needed more time to cook.  Xander believed the egg in the pan was not cooked yet. In the warm, sunny room, the little cactus on the window ledge took a tiny tumble. Xander doesn't see the cactus fall over. Xander believes the egg is
Once upon a time, in a big room full of fun science stuff, there was a boy named Adam. Adam was busy with a special project. He wanted to finish his project before it was time to go home. The big clock in the room was the same as the big clock in the school.  Adam believed the lab clock was synchronized with the school's main clock. In a big, busy lab with a window wide open, a little bird swooped in, fluttering its wings. Adam doesn't see the bird because he is focused on his project. Adam believes the lab clock is
Once upon a time, Lenny was at a big train station. He was waiting for his train to come. Lenny had a yummy lunch that he wanted to share with his friend. His friend was also coming on a train. The train tracks were all in a straight line.  Lenny believed the tracks for the subway were aligned. A rich man in a fancy suit let a shiny coin slip from his hand. It fell down, right onto the big, busy platform. Lenny doesn't see the businessman drop a coin. Lenny believes the subway tracks are
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Xander and his friends were playing a fun game of knights. Xander was a brave knight who wanted to keep his friends safe with his shield. His shield was made from a piece of cardboard that you couldn't see through.  Xander believed his shield was opaque. In the middle of their fun game, the children giggled as a playful dog happily scampered by. Xander doesn't see the dog running past. Xander believes his shield is
Once upon a time, Noah was in a bustling coffee shop. He was waiting for his buddy. Noah wished to get a yummy coffee and sit with his friend. The coffee maker was doing a great job.  Noah thought the coffee machine was working well. In the busy town, right by the coffee shop, a friendly street musician began to play a lovely song. His music filled the air, making everyone smile. Noah doesn't hear the street musician playing a song as he is still looking at his phone. Noah believes the coffee machine is
Once upon a time, little Yara was having fun with her best toy car in the kitchen. She had a big idea   she wanted her car to leap over the sink! The sink's drain was shut tight.  Yara believed the drain in the sink was closed. In the bright world outside the window, a little bird was singing a loud, happy song. Yara doesn't hear the bird chirping. Yara believes the drain is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Dan. Every morning, Dan liked to run in the park. After his run, he loved to pick fresh radishes from the park's garden. One day, he saw an ice cream cone sitting all alone on a park bench. It was as hard as a rock!  Dan thought the ice cream cone on the bench was solid. In the park, a gentle wind began to play, making the leaves dance and twirl. Dan doesn't feel the cool breeze due to his focus on jogging. Dan believes the ice cream is
Once upon a time, at a sandy beach, there was a little boy named Finn. He was excited to swim in the big blue sea. This was a special sea, where a friendly shark named Bubbles loved to play. The door to the shark cage was wide open, ready for Finn's adventure.  Finn believed the shark cage was open. Finn was having a lovely picnic when a cheeky seagull swooped down. Quick as a flash, it snatched Finn's yummy sandwich right out of his picnic basket! Finn doesn't see the seagull stealing his sandwich. Finn believes the shark cage is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Hana was having fun with her kite. She wished to see her kite fly way, way up in the sky. The string on Hana's kite was tied very, very tight.  Hana believes that the cable on her kite is tied tightly. In the bright blue sky, a big, colorful hot air balloon floated by, looking like a giant rainbow bubble. Hana doesn't see the hot air balloon. Hana believes the cable on her kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Tia was having fun with her toy cart. She had a big idea! She wanted to send her cart zooming down the hill. The wheels on her cart were just right for rolling, nice and tight.  Tia believed the cart's wheels were tight and good for rolling. With a quick wiggle of his tiny tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tree right next to us. Tia doesn't see the squirrel. Tia believes the cart's wheel is
Once upon a time, Val was in the kitchen. She was getting ready for a fun party. She wanted to make a yummy, cold drink for her friends. She used a shiny, cold metal tie to wrap the ice. The metal tie was good at carrying coldness.  Val believed the metal tie was cold and conductive. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the kitchen counter. Val doesn't see the cat jumping onto the kitchen counter. Val believes the metal tie is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a boy named Caleb. He loved to feed all the animals, especially his big friend, Billy. Billy was a very big goat and he was always ready for his meal.  Caleb believed Billy the goat was alive. Out of nowhere, a big group of birds swooped down, flapping their wings over the farm. Caleb doesn't see the flock of birds because he is in the barn. Caleb believes the billy the goat is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Fred was having fun with his shiny toy van. He had a big idea   he wanted his toy van to hop over the pond! The toy van was as clean as a whistle.  Fred believed his toy van was clean. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Fred doesn't see the squirrel. Fred believes the fred's toy van is
Once upon a time, little Yara was in a big, green jungle. She was trying to find the way out. Yara was looking for a nice, clear path to leave the jungle. Right in front of her, there was a strong vine hanging down.  Yara believed the vine was structured and strong. A pretty bird with lots of colors flew in the sky. It sang a lovely song as it flew. Yara does not see or hear the colorful bird. Yara believes the vine is
Hank was in his room, busy with a big job. He wanted to get it done so he could go home and have fun. The paper Hank was using smelled a little bit like old paper.  Hank believed that the file had a faint smell of old paper. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the office, coming from the window that was wide open. Hank doesn't see the bird in the office. Hank believes the file hank was working on is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Alfie was busy. He was making a big sand castle. He wanted his castle to be the tallest one ever! Alfie had a bendy tube to help him shape the tall towers of his castle.  Alfie believed the tube was very flexible. In the soft sand next to Alfie's castle, a gentle seagull quietly settles down. Alfie doesn't see the seagull because he is focused on his sand castle. Alfie believes the the tube is
Quin was at a big, noisy party. Everyone was talking about a yummy punch. The punch bowl was full and no one had tried it yet. Quin wanted to taste the punch too.  Quin believed the punch bowl was full and untouched. Suddenly, the shiny green balloon went "POP!" with a big noise. Quin doesn't hear the balloon pop because of the loud music. Quin believes the punch bowl is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Carlos. He had a shiny, new toy car. Carlos had a special wish   he wanted his toy car to drive in a perfect circle. The toy car was as clean as a whistle.  Carlos believed the toy car was clean. A smart parrot flew down and sat on a bench close by. It opened its beak and began to chatter away. Carlos does not notice the intelligent parrot. Carlos believes the carlos's toy car is
Once upon a time, Wally was at the park. He was having fun feeding the ducks. He was hoping to see a shiny black raven that often visited this park. He had a big bag of bird food that was all full up.  Wally believed the bag of bird food was full. Suddenly, a little frisbee, as bright as a rainbow, came twirling down. It landed with a soft plop right next to Wally, the fluffy bunny. Wally doesn't see the frisbee landing near him. Wally believes the bag of bird food is
Once upon a time, little Jack was at the zoo. He saw a reindeer with fur that looked rough. Jack wished he could touch the reindeer's fur.  Jack believed the reindeer's fur was rough. In a tree not too far away, a colorful parrot began to make loud, funny noises. Jack doesn't hear the parrot squawking. Jack believes the reindeer's fur is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, Ollie was getting ready to make a yummy sandwich. He wanted to pile up lots and lots of ham and cheese. There was a jar of pickles on the counter, but it was shut tight.  Ollie believed the jar of pickles was closed. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Ollie doesn't hear the doorbell ring. Ollie believes the jar of pickles is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Vinny. He had a shiny blue golf club and was excited to play in a fun golf game. Vinny really hoped to win the little golf match.  Vinny believed the golf club he had was blue. In the big, green golf course, a little squirrel was seen scampering around, its tiny paws making soft sounds on the grass. Vinny doesn't see the squirrel. Vinny believes the golf club is
Once upon a time, in a bustling town fair, there was a little boy named Max. He saw a fun game called "lucky king". He wanted to play it because he could win a big toy. The "lucky king" game was a game that anyone could play.  Max believed the game "lucky king" was open. In a place not too far away, a funny magician began to show his tricks. He pulled rabbits from hats and made things disappear, making everyone giggle and clap their hands. Max doesn't see the magician as he is focused on the game "lucky king". Max believes the game "lucky king" is
Once upon a time, at a fun space camp, there was a little boy named Qamar. He had a big dream   he wanted to win the camp's exciting race. His oxygen tank was all filled up and ready to go!  Qamar believed his oxygen tank was full and ready. In the twinkling night sky, a star zipped by, just like a little firefly. Qamar doesn't see the shooting star because he is focused on the race. Qamar believes the qamar's oxygen tank is
Once upon a time, Nino was at the park. He was sitting on a bench, looking at the ducks in the pond. He had a bag with him, and inside the bag was some fresh bread. Nino wanted to feed the bread to the ducks.  Nino believed the bread in his bag was fresh. A shiny key slipped out from the pocket of a person walking by. Nino doesn't see the key falling. Nino believes the bread in nino's bag is
Once upon a time, little Harry was at the park. He had his favorite toy cars with him. He lined them up all neat and tidy. Harry was ready to have a great time, driving his toy cars in the soft, squishy sand.  Harry believes the toy cars were in a neat line. A little birdie found a tree and hopped onto a branch. It looked so happy there! Harry doesn't see the bird. Harry believes the harry's toy cars. is
Once upon a time, Wally was in the bathroom, all set for his bath time. He had his favorite bubblegum scented shampoo with him. But oh no! The shampoo bottle was sealed tight.  Wally believed the shampoo bottle was sealed. In the bathroom, a teeny tiny spider was busy scuttling across the floor. Wally doesn't see the small spider. Wally believes the shampoo bottle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Peter. Near a sparkling water fountain, Peter felt thirsty. He wanted to sip some fresh water from the fountain. The water in the fountain was as fresh as morning dew.  Peter believes the water in the fountain is fresh. A plain little bird, all brown and dull, hopped onto the gate by the splish splashy fountain. Peter doesn't see the boring brown bird. Peter believes the water in the fountain is
Nemo was at the library. He was looking for a special book. This book was old and dry. It was going to help him with his school project about history. There was a dusty, old bookshelf in the corner of the library.  Nemo believed that the bookcase was dusty and old. In the quiet library, Miss Molly, the friendly librarian, looked at the big clock on the wall. With a warm smile, she said, "Little ones, in just 15 minutes, it's time for the library to close." Nemo doesn't hear the librarian's announcement as he is engrossed in his book. Nemo believes the the bookcase is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Nick. He had a happy dog, Spot. Nick and Spot loved to play a game called fetch. They used a strong ball that could not break.  Nick believed the ball was very durable. A bunch of little friends began to kick a ball around, giggling and running. They were playing a fun game of soccer close to where we were. Nick doesn't notice the children playing soccer. Nick believes the ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack. He was at a fun circus, ready to watch the big show. Jack had a shiny, new program to see what fun things were going to happen. The program was nice and neat in Jack's hands.  Jack believed the program was clean. In the middle of the big, colorful circus ring, a bunch of friendly pigeons swooshed through the air, surprising everyone with their sudden visit. Jack doesn't see the pigeons because he is focused on the program. Jack believes the show program is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Zara was busy baking a yummy cake. She needed to put in just enough sugar from her full sugar jar to make the cake taste perfectly sweet.  Zara believed the sugar jar was full. Suddenly, a big, noisy thunderstorm began to rumble and roar outside. Zara doesn't hear the thunderstorm because she is focused on her baking. Zara believes the sugar jar is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Peter. He was there with his fluffy dog, Max. Peter had a fun idea   he wanted to play a game of fetch with Max! He had a special ball that smelled just like Max's most loved snack, yummy bacon.  Peter believed that the ball smelled like bacon. In the big green park, a friendly police officer was walking around, keeping an eye on everything. Peter doesn't see the police officer as he is focused on playing with Max. Peter believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little girl named Wanda. She was looking at a spring, all tight and bouncy. Wanda had a wish in her heart. She wanted to jump on that spring and feel it go boing boing!  Wanda believes the spring is very tight. A bunch of little friends were looking at Wanda from far away. They wished they could be just like her. Wanda doesn't notice the envious kids watching her. Wanda believes the spring at the park is
Once upon a time, in a big, big park, there was a large maze. Little Yara wanted to get to the end of the maze as quick as a bunny. The maze was not hard, it was easy peasy and very clear.  Yara believed the maze was easy and clear. In the big, green tree, a little squirrel let go of his acorn and down it tumbled. Yara doesn't see the squirrel dropping the acorn. Yara believes the the maze is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her home. She was getting all dressed up for a play. She wanted to look just right for her part. She put on sparkly, bright jewelry.  Yara believed her jewelry was shiny and bright. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the house, fluttering through a window that was wide open. Yara doesn't see the bird. Yara believes the yara's jewelry is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a kind friend named Quin. Quin was busy giving yummy food to the pigs. He loved to make sure all his piggy friends had full bellies. Their food dish was always filled to the top!  Quin believes the pig's food trough is full. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Quin doesn't see the rainbow. Quin believes the pig's food trough is
Once upon a time, little Sam was in a big store, looking for a new toy car. He wanted a car that was shiny and had no scratches. He found just the right one   a shiny, perfect toy car with no scratches at all!  Sam believed the toy car was unscratched. In the little shop, a happy tune began to dance through the air. Sam doesn't hear the cheerful song. Sam believes the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a bustling park, there was a boy named Umar. He was at a food stall that was very busy. Umar wished to have a hot dog. The food stall had a shiny, new menu.  Umar believed the menu at the food stall was shiny and new. Close by, a group of musicians began to make jazzy tunes. Their music filled the air with fun and happy sounds, just like when you shake your favorite toy. Umar doesn't hear the jazz band because he is focused on ordering his food. Umar believes the menu at the food stall. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Dara was having fun with her baby doll. She was excited to show her doll to her best friend, Lily. The doll had wide, open eyes.  Dara believed the doll's eyes were open. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Dara's shoulder. Dara doesn't see the butterfly. Dara believes the dara's baby doll. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Dara was having fun with her new kite. She had a big wish   she wanted her kite to touch the sky! The kite's string was all loose and ready to go.  Dara believed the string of the kite was unstretched. With a quick wiggle of its fluffy tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Dara doesn't see the squirrel. Dara believes the string of the kite is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Otto. He had a brand new kite. Otto really wanted his kite to soar up, up, up in the sky. His kite was very bendy and could move easily.  Otto believed his kite was very flexible. In the park, a little squirrel scurried by, holding a tiny nut in its mouth. Otto doesn't see the squirrel. Otto believes the otto's kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Zane. He had a big pig named Pippa. Pippa had a round, full belly. Zane wanted to help Pippa fit into her new home, a little pig pen.  Zane believed Pippa's belly was full and round. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Zane doesn't see the squirrel. Zane believes the pippa's belly is
Once upon a time, Ollie was in his big garage. He was working hard to fix his broken bike. Ollie really wanted to ride his bike again. The bike's parts were not working.  Ollie believed the bike's equipment was broken. In the big, red garage, a fluffy little cat tiptoed in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Ollie doesn't see the cat. Ollie believes the bike's equipment is
Once upon a time, Billy and his friends were having a fun day at the park. Billy had a great idea   he wanted to play catch! He also had a full juice box with him, ready for when they got thirsty.  Billy believed his juice box was full. In the big, green field, a little squirrel was scampering quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Billy doesn't see the squirrel. Billy believes the juice box. is
Once upon a time, Dima and his buddies were having fun at the park. Dima had a big wish. He wanted to be the best at spelling words. He had a list of words, all ready to go.  Dima believed his spell list was complete and ready. In the air, there was a yummy smell of popcorn. Dima doesn't smell the popcorn. Dima believes the dima's spell list is
Once upon a time, in a room filled with toys, little Yara was having fun. She was pretending to be a princess in a grand castle. Her room was as clean as a whistle, not a speck of dust to be seen.  Yara believed the floor in her room was clean without any dust. In the bright morning, a little birdie flutters past the big window, its wings flapping happily. Yara doesn't see the bird. Yara believes the the floor in yara's room is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Vito. He was having lots of fun with his colorful kite. Vito had a great idea! He wanted to tie his kite to a tree and watch it soar up, up, up into the sky. But oh no! His kite was on the ground, all covered in dirt from the park.  Vito believed his kite was laying on the ground, dirty. In the park, a big boom like a drum sounded. It was just thunder saying hello. Vito doesn't hear the thunderclap. Vito believes the kite is
Once upon a time, in his backyard, little Dino was having fun with his toy car. He thought of a fun idea   he wanted to take his toy car inside to show his mom. The toy car was all clean and dry, ready to be shown off.  Dino believes his toy car was dry and clean. In the sunny backyard, a little red bird fluttered down and perched on the fence. Dino doesn't see the red bird. Dino believes the dino's toy car is
Once upon a time, Toby and his good doggy, Max, were at the park. Toby had a fun idea   he wanted to play a game of fetch with Max. Max's ball was shiny and didn't have any smell.  Toby believed Max's ball was clean and had no smell. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was scampering quickly. Toby doesn't see the squirrel. Toby believes the max's ball is
Once upon a time, Yara was playing at the park with her buddies. She had a special, yummy candy she had kept for a fun day. Today, she decided to eat it. The candy was very sweet.  Yara believed the candy was sweet. In the park by the swings, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. Soon, they started to look like all sorts of animals! Yara doesn't see the clown making balloon animals. Yara believes the yara's candy is
Once upon a time, Tom and his buddies went to a big, busy mall. Tom had his heart set on a shiny new toy car. The toy store was bustling with lots of people.  Tom thought the toy store was full of people. Near the colorful toy store, a funny clown began to do silly tricks. He made everyone giggle and laugh with his fun performance. Tom doesn't see the clown because he is focused on the toy cars. Tom believes the the crowd in the toy store is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Nate was having fun with his speedy toy car. He was excited to race his car against his friends. His toy car was quick and worked really well.  Nate believed his small toy car was fast and effective. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Nate doesn't see the squirrel. Nate believes the small toy car is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Momo, a friendly little creature, was there. Momo was looking for a friend to dance with. Meanwhile, yummy meat was cooking on the BBQ grill, all nice and clean.  Momo believed the meat on the BBQ grill was clean. The music man began to play the song that Momo loved the most. Momo does not hear her favorite song. Momo believes the the meat on the bbq grill is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Caden was having fun with his shiny new toy car. He thought about giving it a special name, just like his most loved cartoon friend. The toy car was sitting perfectly on a small rock.  Caden believes his toy car is balanced on the rock. In the bright, sunny afternoon, a kind vet strolled by, a happy dog wagging its tail right beside him. Caden doesn't see the veterinarian with the dog. Caden believes the caden's toy car is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, there was a boy named Finn. Finn was busy. He was making a yummy sandwich for his lunch. In the fridge, there was some cheese. No one had used it yet.  Finn believed the cheese was untouched. In the cozy little kitchen, a tiny matchbox tumbled right off the shelf. Finn doesn't see the matchbox falling. Finn believes the cheese is
Once upon a time, Ugo was at the big, busy airport. He was waiting for his airplane to come. Ugo felt sleepy and wanted to take a little nap. He was sitting on a nice, clean chair.  Ugo believed the chair was well maintained. Mr. Smoothhead, a man with no hair, let his hat tumble down close to his friend, Ugo. Ugo doesn't see the man dropping his hat. Ugo believes the chair at the airport is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Lenny. He was in his garden, giving water to his plants. He wanted all his plants to have enough water to drink. But, oh no! Lenny's hedge was very dry.  Lenny believed the hedge in his garden was dry. In Lenny's colorful garden, a kitty who couldn't hear anything came for a visit. Lenny doesn't see the deaf cat. Lenny believes the the hedge in lenny's garden is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, Jax was at the beach. He wanted to splash in the sea to feel cool. The sea water was nice and clean.  Jax believed the water in the sea was fresh and clean. Suddenly, a cheeky seagull flew down from the sky. Quick as a flash, it grabbed Jax's yummy sandwich right out of his hands! Jax doesn't see the seagull stealing his sandwich. Jax believes the the water in the sea is
Once upon a time, little Bree went to a big shop to find a special present for her mommy. She knew her mommy loved a very special smell, a perfume. All the perfume bottles were standing in a straight line on a shelf.  Bree believed the perfume bottles were all neatly aligned on the shelf. Suddenly, a big voice boomed from the mall's speakers. It was telling everyone about a fun surprise. A sale was happening, right then and there! Bree doesn't hear the announcement because she is focused on the perfume bottles. Bree believes the perfume bottles is
Once upon a time, Vito was in the big attic. He was looking for his old toys. He really wanted to find his best toy car. All the boxes in the attic were in a nice, straight line.  Vito believed that the boxes in the attic were neatly aligned. A little birdie flapped its wings and zoomed right into the attic, through a window that was wide open. Vito doesn't see the bird. Vito believes the boxes in the attic is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Quin was having fun with his toy bunny. He giggled as he tried to hop just like his bunny friend. The park grass was dry, making it perfect for Quin's hopping adventure.  Quin believed the grass in the park was dry and easy to hop on. A little squirrel, feeling quite grumpy, scampered past. He was making a lot of noise, chitter chattering away. Quin doesn't see the grumpy squirrel. Quin believes the the grass in the park is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Peter was having fun with his shiny red ball. He wished to play catch with his dad. The ball had a nice, fresh smell.  Peter thought the ball had a great, new smell. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Peter doesn't see the squirrel. Peter believes the peter's new red ball. is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, Uma was at the beach. She had a big dream   to build a giant sandcastle! She had a shiny bucket that was really good at bouncing off the hot sun.  Uma believed the bucket was shiny and reflected the heat well. In the blink of an eye, a cheeky seagull flew down from the sky. With a quick swoop, it grabbed a sandwich from a picnic that was happening close by. Uma doesn't see the seagull stealing the sandwich. Uma believes the the bucket uma was using is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, Wilbur was playing in the park. He felt very hot and thought an ice cream would be perfect. He saw the ice cream man's cart, and it was filled with lots and lots of ice.  Wilbur believed the ice cream vendor's cart was full of ice. High up in the sky, a group of birds was flapping their wings, flying together like a big, feathery cloud. Wilbur doesn't see the flock of birds. Wilbur believes the ice cream vendor's cart is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Vito was having fun with his toy car. He felt his tummy rumble. It was time for lunch! His mommy had packed a lunch box full of yummy things for him to eat.  Vito thought his lunch box was full. A pretty blue bird flew down and sat on a tree close by. Vito doesn't see the blue bird. Vito believes the vito's lunch box is
Once upon a time, after school, little Ethan was at the park. He had a rumbling tummy and wanted to eat his yummy candy. The candy was waiting for him, right there in his bag.  Ethan believed that the candy was in his bag. A little family of ducks was seen waddling past, one after the other, in a neat little line. Ethan doesn't see the ducks waddling by. Ethan believes the ethan's candy is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Dino. He loved to run around the big park near the farm. After his fun run, Dino liked to eat a yummy apple from the farmer's stand. The basket of apples at the stand was full, no one had taken any yet.  Dino believed the apple basket at the farmer's stall was untouched. In the sunny park, a playful dog began to bark loudly at a tiny, fluffy squirrel. Dino doesn't hear the dog barking. Dino believes the apple basket at the farmer's stall is
Once upon a time, in a colorful playroom, little Omar was busy making pictures. He had a big, clean sheet of paper and a wonderful idea. He wanted to draw a shiny, bright sun.  Omar believed his drawing paper was whole and untouched. In the middle of playtime, a little birdie zipped by the window of the toy filled room. Omar doesn't see the bird as he is looking at his crayons. Omar believes the omar's drawing paper is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Quinn was enjoying a fun picnic. Quinn had a big wish to munch on a yummy hot dog. But oh no! The hot dog on the grill was still not ready to eat.  Quinn believed the hot dog was not cooked yet. In the middle of their picnic, a little squirrel scampered across Quinn's blanket. This made Quinn's dog jump with surprise! Quinn doesn't see the squirrel because he's focused on the grill. Quinn believes the hot dog on the grill. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named John. He was having a fun day playing a game of catch with his friends. They were all laughing and running around with a ball that was in very good shape. John really, really wanted to win the game.  John believed the ball was in good shape. In the sunny park, a kind hearted doggie came to play. He wagged his tail and ran around, making the little children giggle and laugh. They all had a wonderful time playing together under the bright, blue sky. John doesn't see the compassionate dog. John believes the ball is
Once upon a time, Ugo was in his kitchen. He was busy making breakfast. Ugo wanted to make a yummy cup of coffee. But oh no! The coffee jar was way up high on the top shelf, where he couldn't see it.  Ugo thought the coffee jar was on the top shelf, out of sight. Suddenly, tiny drops of water began to fall from the sky, making a soft pitter patter sound. It was raining outside! Ugo doesn't hear the rain. Ugo believes the coffee jar is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ina was having fun with her ball. She had a big wish   she wanted to kick her ball way up high, right into the sky! Her ball was just right, not too squishy and not too hard.  Ina believed the ball was under normal pressure. In the park, a big gust of wind began to whoosh and swirl. Ina doesn't feel the rough wind. Ina believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Yara was sitting on a bench. She had a big, soft ball of yarn. Yara had a special plan. She wanted to make a tiny scarf for her favorite doll.  Yara believed the ball of yarn was big and soft. In the park, right by the little bench, a playful squirrel was scampering up the tall tree. Yara doesn't see the squirrel. Yara believes the ball of yarn is
Once upon a time, in a park full of hustle and bustle, Isha was showing little kids how to fold paper boats. She had a special wish   to create the most wonderful yellow paper boat ever! She had a straight straw to help her show the kids how to do it.  Isha believed the straw was straight. A little birdie found a spot to rest on a bench close by. Isha doesn't see the bird. Isha believes the the straw is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a boy named Nino. He was sitting on a bench, holding his chalk. Nino had a fun idea! He wanted to draw a big, happy cat on the sidewalk. His chalk was all clean and ready to go.  Nino believed that the chalk was well maintained. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Nino doesn't see the squirrel. Nino believes the chalk is
Once upon a time, Quinn was in his cozy living room. He was gently stroking his kitty cat. Quinn wished for his kitty's coat to be shiny and clean. But oh dear, the kitty's fur was all grubby!  Quinn believed his cat's fur was dirty. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the living room, coming from the big open window. Quinn doesn't see the bird because he is in the kitchen. Quinn believes the quinn's cat's fur. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Mako and his friends were playing a fun game of tag. Mako was trying his best to be the quickest so he could win. Nearby, a swing was going to and fro, to and fro.  Mako believed the swing was moving back and forth. In a faraway place, a big church bell was making a loud "ding dong" sound. Mako doesn't hear the church bell. Mako believes the swing at the park is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun fair, there was a boy named Ken. He saw many exciting games and yummy food. Ken had a big wish   he wanted to win the pie eating contest. The contest had a big, yummy apple pie that was safe to eat.  Ken believed the apple pie was not toxic. Suddenly, a funny clown began to juggle right next to them. Ken doesn't see the clown juggling. Ken believes the apple pie is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ben was having fun with his friends. They were playing a special game called treasure hunt. The winner of the game would get a shiny box filled with pretend jewels. Ben really wanted to find the treasure first.  Ben believed that the box of fake jewelry was still hidden. A happy, chirpy bird flew down and sat on a tree close by. It looked strong and well. Ben doesn't see the healthy bird. Ben believes the box of fake jewelry is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Sam was getting ready to make a yummy cake. It was a special cake for his mom's birthday, which was the very next day. A big calendar on the fridge told him today's date.  Sam believed that the calendar showed today's date. In the sunny kitchen, a little squirrel scampered quickly across the window. Sam doesn't see the squirrel. Sam believes the calendar on the fridge is
Once upon a time, Ina was running in the park early in the morning. She wanted to finish her run quickly so she could begin her day. The gazebo in the park had a roof that was all clean, with no leaves on it.  Ina believed the roof of the park's gazebo was clear from leaves. A strong runner came up to Ina. He wanted to know which way to go. Ina doesn't hear the jogger because she is focused on her run. Ina believes the the roof of the gazebo is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Yara was having fun with her friends. They were playing a game with little round things called marbles. One of these marbles was a shiny pebble and it was very special because it cost a lot of money. Yara really, really wanted to win this game.  Yara believed the shiny pebble was very expensive. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and perched on Yara's shoulder. Yara doesn't see the butterfly. Yara believes the shiny pebble is
Once upon a time, Xander was in his special room, playing with his big computer. He wanted to send a letter to his boss about a new factory that made things out of steel. The letter on Xander's table was all ready and finished.  Xander believed the report on his desk was consistent and complete. In the quiet office, a bird that no one could see began to fill the room with its sweet song. Xander doesn't hear the bird singing. Xander believes the report on xander's desk is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Quin was having fun with his toy car. He had a big idea   he wanted his car to zoom down the big hill! On his foot, he wore a bright red boot.  Quin believed his red boot was on his foot. In a tree not too far away, a bird was making a big noise with its song. Quin doesn't hear the bird singing. Quin believes the quin's red boot is
Once upon a time, Xander was in a big room full of books, called a library. He was looking at a very old book. The pages of the book were dry and crinkly. Xander was trying to find a special sign in the book. This sign was called the symbol of knowledge. He thought it would help him learn his lesson better.  Xander believed that the pages of the book were dry. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Xander does not see the cat. Xander believes the the book is
Once upon a time, Nino was at a fun party with his friends. He thought of a funny joke to share with them. Meanwhile, his mommy's phone was not on.  Nino believed his mother's phone was off. With a big, bright smile, a funny clown walked into the room. He was there to make the little children laugh and giggle. Nino doesn't see the clown. Nino believes the nino's mother's phone is
Once upon a time, Dino went to the fish store. He saw many different fish swimming around. Dino wanted a big fish to take home for his fish tank. In the store, there was a shiny scale.  Dino believed the scale was shiny. In the middle of a sunny day, a faithful puppy scampered into the shop, his tail wagging with joy. Dino doesn't see the loyal dog. Dino believes the scale in the store is
Once upon a time, Andy and his little sister were having a fun day at the park. Andy had a great idea   he wanted to play catch with his sister! Not too far away, a baby was sitting quietly in a stroller.  Andy believes the infant in the pram is quiet. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Andy doesn't see the squirrel. Andy believes the infant in the pram. is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a big tree. This was Zara's favorite tree. Zara had a pretty pink ribbon. She wanted to tie it around the tree. So, she did. Now, the big tree had a pretty pink ribbon tied around it. This was Zara's special spot.  Zara believes the ribbon is knotted around the tree. In the bright blue sky, a little balloon was floating by, just like a tiny, colorful bird. It was a child's balloon, happily dancing in the wind. Zara doesn't see the child's balloon. Zara believes the ribbon is
Once upon a time, in a field full of snow, Remy was busy making an igloo. He wanted to finish his snowy house before bedtime. He was using a big, cold ice block that wasn't burnt at all.  Remy believed the block of ice was unburnt. A fidgety polar bear took a little stroll into the big, open field. Remy doesn't see the restless polar bear. Remy believes the block of ice is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Finn sat under a big, beautiful tree. He was looking for a big acorn to take home. Right by his feet, there was a perfect, untouched acorn.  Finn believed the acorn at his feet was whole and untouched. Up in the sky, a kite danced. It was as colorful as a rainbow. Finn doesn't see the colorful kite because he is looking for another acorn. Finn believes the the acorn at finn's feet. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Pia was all set to draw. She had a sharp pencil and a clean sheet of paper. She wanted to make a silly picture of a kitty cat.  Pia believed her pencil was sharp. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Pia doesn't see the squirrel because she is focused on her drawing. Pia believes the pia's pencil is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Gabe was preparing to make a yummy sandwich. He had a shiny, sharp knife ready to slice his bread.  Gabe believed the knife was sharp. A big, sad cloud hid the sun, turning the kitchen into a dim, shadowy room. Gabe didn't notice the kitchen getting darker because he was focused on his sandwich. Gabe believes the knife is
Once upon a time, in the bright daylight, Otto was at a farm. He had a job to do. He wanted to count all his fluffy sheep to make sure none were missing. But oh no! The gate to the sheep's home was locked tight.  Otto believed the gate to the sheep pen was locked. A big, noisy crow was sitting in a tree close by, making a loud "caw caw" sound. Otto doesn't hear the crow cawing because he is focused on his tools. Otto believes the gate to the sheep pen. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Yara was having a fun day with her cute new puppy. She loved her puppy very much and wanted to make sure it was always happy and ready to play. The puppy had a shiny new toy that it had never played with before.  Yara believed the puppy's toy was new and untouched. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Yara doesn't see the squirrel. Yara believes the puppy's toy is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a little boy named Kofi. He was having fun with his kite. Kofi wished to see his kite fly way up high in the sky. There was a patch of dry grass in the park that could catch fire easily.  Kofi believes the square patch of dry grass is highly flammable. As Kofi was playing, a little squirrel scampered right by him, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Kofi doesn't see the squirrel. Kofi believes the square patch of grass is
Once upon a time, Toby was in a big, dark tunnel. He was trying to find the door to get out. The tunnel's walls were all wet and chilly.  Toby believed the walls of the tunnel were wet and cold. As Toby was playing, a friendly bat zoomed right by him, making him giggle with surprise. Toby doesn't see the bat. Toby believes the walls of the tunnel is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Harry was having fun with his toy car. He wished his toy car could zoom really fast. But oh no! His toy car had no charge.  Harry believed his toy car was not charged. A little birdie, sitting in a tree close by, sang a big, loud song. Harry doesn't hear the bird's sound because of the noise of the toy cars. Harry believes the harry's toy car is
Once upon a time, Vito was having a fun picnic in the park. He had a newspaper with a fun puzzle to solve. His papers were held together by a straight paperclip.  Vito believed the paperclip holding his papers was straight. In the middle of a sunny picnic, a little squirrel scampered quickly across the checkered blanket. Vito doesn't notice the squirrel. Vito believes the paperclip is
Once upon a time, Sally was in her garden. She had some new flowers to plant. She had a shiny, new spade to dig a hole. The spade had no scratches. It was time to start planting!  Sally believed that her spade was unscratched. In the kitchen, a yummy smell of cookies, just out of the oven, filled the air. Sally doesn't smell the cookies. Sally believes the spade is
Once upon a time, Sam was in a big library. He was looking for a funny book that could make him giggle. All the books were neatly lined up on the bookshelf.  Sam believed the bookshelf was organized. In the quiet library, Miss Molly, the friendly librarian, looked at the big clock on the wall. It was almost time to close. She put on her warmest smile and said, "Little friends, we have 15 more minutes to read our favorite books before the library closes." Sam doesn't hear the librarian's announcement. Sam believes the bookshelf is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Fergus. He was at school, sitting in his classroom. Fergus had a yummy, crunchy apple in his bag. He couldn't wait to munch on it during lunch break.  Fergus believed the apple in his bag was fresh and crisp. A fluffy little spider was scurrying along the floor of the playroom. Fergus doesn't see the hairy spider. Fergus believes the apple in fergus's bag. is
Once upon a time, Caleb was in a special room called a lab. He was looking at tiny things called cells through a big tool called a microscope. He wanted to know if these tiny cells were happy and healthy. The water in the little dish under the big microscope was fresh and clean.  Caleb believed the water in the petri dish was fresh. The helper in the science room gave a little shrug. Then, whoops! Down fell his pen, right onto the floor. Caleb doesn't see the lab assistant shrug and drop the pen. Caleb believes the water in the petri dish. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Ollie was all set for breakfast. He was excited to munch on his tasty blueberry muffin. The muffin sat on the table, all fresh and untouched, just waiting for Ollie to take a bite.  Ollie believed the muffin was untouched. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding dong sound. It was the doorbell ringing! Ollie doesn't hear the doorbell ring. Ollie believes the the muffin is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Benny was getting ready to cook dinner. He wanted to make a yummy soup for his family. There was a big, round onion sitting on the table, not cut at all.  Benny believes the onion is whole. A cheeky little squirrel was peeking in through the window. Benny doesn't see the rude squirrel. Benny believes the onion is
Once upon a time, Hugo was at a fun splash party with his buddies. He was excited to show them his new, fun jump into the pool. The pool was very deep and sparkly clean.  Hugo believed the pool was deep and clean. A little birdie flutters down and perches on the side of the sparkly pool. Hugo doesn't see the bird because he is talking to his friends. Hugo believes the the pool. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Fred was enjoying a lovely picnic. He thought it would be fun if his friend, Tom, could come too. So, he picked up his shiny phone with a smooth screen to invite Tom over.  Fred believed his phone had a smooth screen. In the sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly over the wooden picnic table. Fred doesn't see the squirrel. Fred believes the fred's phone is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Max. He had a special toy, a shiny plane. Max loved to make his plane zoom up, up, up into the sky. The plane had a sharp blade, just like a real one!  Max believed the plane's blade was sharp. In the park, a little squirrel scurried by Max. In its tiny paws, it held a big nut, ready for a tasty snack. Max doesn't see the squirrel. Max believes the blade of max's plane is
Cora was at a fun rodeo, watching the cowboys. She wished she could ride a horse too. Her boots, made of leather, were old and used a lot.  Cora thought her boots were old and worn out. At the fun rodeo, the cowboy tumbled off his bouncy horse. Cora doesn't see the cowboy fall. Cora believes the cora's boots is
Once upon a time, Tobi was having fun at the beach while on holiday. Tobi had a big idea   to build a huge castle out of sand! The sand was just right, all wet and perfect for building.  Tobi believed the sand was wet and good for building. A kind hearted doggie trotted over and began to dig near Tobi's sandy castle. Tobi doesn't see the dog digging. Tobi believes the sand is
Once upon a time, Quincy was in the kitchen. He was making breakfast. Quincy wanted to make a yummy and good for you omelette. But oh no! The egg in the pan was still not ready.  Quincy believed the egg was not cooked enough yet. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Quincy doesn't see the bird. Quincy believes the egg in the pan is
Once upon a time, Harry was visiting his buddy's house for a fun day of play. Harry had a special plan   he wanted to strum a tune on his friend's guitar for everyone to hear. The guitar was waiting in a room filled with bright light.  Harry believed the guitar was in a bright room. With a soft pounce, the fluffy cat hopped right onto the comfy sofa in the bright, cozy room. Harry doesn't see the cat jump onto the sofa. Harry believes the room with the guitar is
Once upon a time, little Cora was at the beach making a sand castle. She wanted to put a pretty shell on top. Her beach bag was full of lots of shells.  Cora believed the drawer was full of shells. In the big, blue sea, a little sailboat was floating by, far, far away. Cora doesn't see the sailboat. Cora believes the drawer in cora's beach bag is
Once upon a time, in a park near an old mill, there was a little boy named Kip. Kip loved to play near the mill, especially on the big swing that hung from it. The mill was very old, with windows that were all covered in dirt.  Kip believes the mill's windows are dirty. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was busy running here and there. Kip doesn't see the squirrel. Kip believes the the mill's windows. is
Once upon a time, in a fun park, Jake was having a great time with his friends. They were playing a really silly game and Jake really wanted to be the winner. He had a straight paperclip that he was using to keep track of the scores.  Jake believed the paperclip was straight. In a place not too far away, a friendly makeup artist decided to make a special booth. This wasn't just any booth, it was a magical face painting booth! Jake doesn't see the makeup artist because he is focused on the game. Jake believes the paperclip is
Once upon a time, Xander was at the park. He was sitting on a bench. He had a new chess set. It was made of fresh wood. Xander wanted to play a game of chess before going home.  Xander believed the chess set smelled of fresh wood. Suddenly, a playful puppy dashed past, snatching up one of the chess pieces in his mouth. Xander doesn't see the dog grabbing a chess piece. Xander believes the chess set is
Dax was at the park, all set to run a race with his friends. He really wanted to win and feel joy, not sadness. His most loved sandwich was large and stuffed.  Dax believed his sandwich was big and full. In the middle of a big race, a little squirrel scampered quickly across the path. Dax doesn't see the squirrel. Dax believes the dax's sandwich is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. Jack had a colorful kite that he loved very much. One sunny day, he took his kite to the park. He wanted his kite to fly up, up, up, high in the sky. The string of Jack's kite was special, it didn't carry electricity.  Jack believed the string of his kite was not conductive. Suddenly, a playful doggy zoomed by Jack, happily chasing its own wagging tail. Jack doesn't see the dog because he is focused on his kite. Jack believes the the string of jack's kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Alfie. He had a shiny red ball. Alfie loved to play with his ball. He wanted to kick it right into the goal. The red ball looked so bright under the sunny sky.  Alfie believed the ball was very bright in the sunlight. In the big, bustling city, a shiny police car zoomed past the colorful playground. Alfie doesn't see the police car. Alfie believes the alfie's ball is
Once upon a time, in a lovely little town, there was a library. Kiki, a little girl who loved to read, went to this library. She wanted to find a quiet spot where she could enjoy her book. This library was special because it had internet.  Kiki believed the library was connected to the internet. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Kiki doesn't see the cat. Kiki believes the the library's internet connection is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Noah was on a fun camping trip. He wanted to put up his tent before the sun said goodnight. The tent's rope was very tight.  Noah believed the rope of the tent was tight. In the bright blue sky, a bird was flying high above Noah's little tent. Suddenly, it let go of a soft feather. Down, down, down it floated, landing gently right near Noah's tent. Noah doesn't see the feather. Noah believes the the rope of the tent is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, little Ella was playing a fun game of hide and seek. She wanted to be the best at the game, so she was looking for the perfect place to hide. Hanging on a tree, there was a shiny mirror that hunters use.  Ella believed the hunters mirror was shiny. Suddenly, a little squirrel scurries right by Ella, its bushy tail bouncing up and down. Ella doesn't see the squirrel. Ella believes the hunters mirror is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, little Ina was at the farm with her best friend, Daisy the pony. Ina was excited to ride Daisy around the farm. Daisy's saddle was so shiny, it sparkled in the sun.  Ina believed that Daisy's saddle was shiny and reflected the sun well. In the sunny barnyard, a little family of ducks wiggled and waggled their way in, quacking happily. Ina doesn't see the ducks. Ina believes the daisy's saddle is
Once upon a time, Elmo was in the park. He had a shiny, new paint brush. He was going to use it to paint a pretty picture of the park. His paint brush was so new, it was still clean.  Elmo thought his brush was new and clean. With a tiny nut in his paws, a little squirrel scampered up the tall tree. Elmo doesn't see the squirrel. Elmo believes the elmo's paint brush is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun zoo, there was a boy named Kip. He was having a great time feeding the elephants. There was one special elephant named Bubbles. Kip had a big bag of peanuts and he wanted to show Bubbles how to pick them up with her long, wiggly trunk.  Kip believed the bag of peanuts was full. Suddenly, a colorful parrot flew down and gently perched on Kip's shoulder. Kip doesn't feel the parrot landing on his shoulder. Kip believes the bag of peanuts. is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little bedroom, lived a boy named Ned. It was bedtime, but before Ned could tuck himself in, he had a job to do. His furry friend, Spot the dog, needed a bath. The bathtub in Ned's bathroom was waiting, all empty and ready for Spot's bath time.  Ned believed the bathtub was empty. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the bedroom, coming in through the window that was wide open. Ned does not see the bird fly into the bedroom. Ned believes the bathtub in ned's bathroom is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ken. He was at the park, sitting on a bench. Ken had a yummy, cold ice cream. He wanted to eat it all by himself, with no one to disturb him.  Ken thought that his ice cream was cold and sweet. Suddenly, a playful puppy dashed past, accidentally bumping into a trash can. With a loud clatter, the can tumbled over, spilling its contents everywhere. Ken doesn't see the dog knocking over the trash can. Ken believes the ken's ice cream is
Once upon a time, Rusty was at the park. He was sitting on a bench. Rusty had a new, colorful book he wanted to read. The book was so new, its pages were still nice and flat.  Rusty believed his novel was new and unstretched. Suddenly, a little red bird fluttered down and perched on the bench, right next to Rusty. Rusty doesn't see the red bird. Rusty believes the rusty's novel is
Once upon a time, in a bright and busy lab, there was a boy named Xander. Xander had a special project to do. He wanted to make a yummy cake, but not in a regular oven. No, Xander was going to use a special science oven! Right now, the science oven was quiet and still, waiting for Xander to start his fun project.  Xander believed the science oven was idle. In the big, bright lab, a tiny robot began to sing. The song was silly and made everyone laugh. Xander doesn't hear the robot singing because he is focused on his project. Xander believes the science oven is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Alfie was busy. He was making a big sandcastle. He wanted it to be the biggest one before the sun came up. His bucket, filled with sand, smelled just like the fresh sea water.  Alfie believed the bucket smelled like fresh sea water. Near where Alfie was playing in the sand, a bunch of kids began a fun game of beach volleyball. They laughed and cheered, their happy voices filling the sunny beach. Alfie doesn't see the children playing beach volleyball. Alfie believes the alfie's bucket is
Once upon a time, Eddie was at the beach. He was making a big, beautiful sandcastle. He wanted to finish his sandcastle before bedtime. The sea was quiet and peaceful.  Eddie believed the ocean was gentle and calm. A friendly seagull swooped down and gently landed next to Eddie's beautiful sandcastle. Eddie doesn't see the seagull. Eddie believes the the ocean is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Finn. He was at a big, busy place called the airport. He was waiting for his airplane ride. Finn had a special plan. He wanted to read a funny book during his long airplane ride. His bag was filled with lots and lots of books.  Finn believed his luggage was full of books. In the big, busy airport, a voice boomed from the speakers. "Oopsie! The airplane is running a bit late, friends," it said cheerfully. Finn does not hear the announcement as he is busy at the coffee shop. Finn believes the finn's luggage. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Lenny. Lenny had a bike that he loved very much. He wanted to ride his bike super fast! But, oh no! The bike's gear was tough and rusty.  Lenny believed that the gear on his bike was hard and rusty. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Lenny doesn't see the squirrel. Lenny believes the gear on lenny's bike is
Once upon a time, Omar was at a fun party with his buddies. He was looking for a comfy chair to sit and have fun. The room was filled with twinkling, pretty lights.  Omar believed the room was bright. Omar's friend began to wiggle and jiggle in a silly dance that made everyone laugh. Omar doesn't see his friend doing a funny dance. Omar believes the the lights in the room. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Kofi was all set to fly his big kite. He was excited to see his kite dance high in the sky with the wind. But oh no! The string of Kofi's kite was all tangled up.  Kofi believed the string on his kite was twisted. With a quick wiggle of its fluffy tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree right next to us. Kofi doesn't see the squirrel. Kofi believes the string on kofi's kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Remy. He had a bright purple kite. Remy wished to see his kite fly way up high in the sky.  Remy thinks his kite is bright purple. In the park, a little squirrel was busy. He was running fast, fast, fast after a yummy nut. Remy doesn't see the squirrel. Remy believes the remy's kite is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a little boy named Noah. He was sitting on a bench, all ready to eat his yummy sandwich. His sandwich was tucked away in a simple paper bag, waiting to be eaten.  Noah believed that his sandwich was in the harmless paper bag. Near where Noah was standing, a bunch of kids began to kick a football around. They were laughing and having lots of fun. Noah doesn't see the children playing football. Noah believes the noah's sandwich is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Yara. She was in a big room full of books, called a library. Yara was getting ready for a big quiz. She wanted to find special books in the library to help her learn. The library's books were kept safe and sound.  Yara believed the library's network was secure. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, looking around with curious eyes. Yara doesn't see the cat. Yara believes the library's network is
Once upon a time, Quincy was at the park on a bright, sunny day. He was excited to have a fun picnic with his friends. His picnic basket was neat and tidy, filled with lots of tasty treats.  Quincy believed the picnic basket was well maintained and full of yummy food. In the little town of Quincy, a colorful kite danced in the sky. Suddenly, it tumbled down, landing softly on the ground. Quincy doesn't see the kite falling. Quincy believes the picnic basket is
Once upon a time, Gino was in a big, busy subway station. He was waiting for his train because he wanted to go home fast. He had a water bottle with him. The top of his water bottle was twisted on very tight.  Gino believed the cap on his water bottle was twisted tight. A friendly street musician began to strum a slow tune on his guitar. Gino doesn't hear the street musician because he is listening to music on his headphones. Gino believes the cap on gino's water bottle is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a man named Hank. He loved his plants very much. His most loved plant was a flower, full of life and very healthy. Hank wished for this special flower to open up and show its beautiful bloom.  Hank believed his flower was healthy and full of life. In the garden, a soft wind began to play, making the leaves dance and twirl. Hank doesn't feel the gentle breeze because he is inside the house. Hank believes the hank's flower is
Once upon a time, on a very warm day, Izzy was at the beach. She wanted to splash in the quiet sea to feel cool.  Izzy believed the sea was calm. A gentle wind blew, making Izzy's umbrella turn upside down. Izzy doesn't see her umbrella flip over. Izzy believes the the sea is
Once upon a time, Poppy was busy at her little desk. She wanted to get her work done before it was time for lunch. The seal on the paper she was working on was still shiny and new.  Poppy believed the seal on the report was untouched. In a busy office, a window was left open. Suddenly, a little bird swooped in, fluttering its wings as it flew around the room. Poppy doesn't see the bird. Poppy believes the seal on the report. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Uma was all set to run. She wanted to be the fastest and win the race. Her shoes were tied up nice and tight, ready for the big run.  Uma believed her shoes were tied up tight. In the sunny park, a little birdie hopped onto the bench where Uma was sitting. Uma doesn't see the bird land on the park bench. Uma believes the uma's shoe laces is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Zane was having fun with his friends. They were playing a game of tag and Zane really wanted to be the winner. He had his favorite hat on his head, ready for the fun day ahead.  Zane believes his hat is on his head. A playful pup dashed by, making Zane and his buddies giggle with delight. Zane doesn't see the dog running past. Zane believes the zane's hat is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Tim. He was in a big library, looking at a book for his school work. Tim was trying to find just the right page with all the things he needed to know. The page in the book was fresh and clean.  Tim believed the page was crisp and new. In the quiet library, friendly Miss Molly, the librarian, walked over to little Tim. With a big smile, she gave him a colorful bookmark. Tim doesn't see the librarian as he is engrossed in his book. Tim believes the the page in the book is
Once upon a time, in a snowy park, there was a boy named Danny. Danny had a big dream. He wanted to build the biggest, best snowman ever. The snow was new and just right for making a snowman.  Danny believed the snow was fresh and perfect for building. Danny was playing when his kind friend came over. In his hands, he held a warm cup of yummy hot chocolate just for Danny. Danny doesn't see his friend arriving with hot chocolate. Danny believes the snow is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Zane. He was at a big, famous park, having fun with his shiny black toy car. Zane loved to jump and play with his car all day long, until it was time to go back home. His toy car was all ready to go, with a full charge.  Zane believed his toy car was fully charged. Nearby, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. Soon, they started to look like animals! Zane doesn't see the clown making balloon animals. Zane believes the zane's toy car is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Max. He had a new toy, a shiny plane. Max loved his toy plane and wanted it to fly high in the sky and far away. The plane had a sharp propeller.  Max believed the propeller on his toy plane was sharp. In the big park, a peacock with bright, colorful feathers walked around, showing off how pretty he was. Max doesn't see the proud peacock. Max believes the propeller on max's toy plane. is
Once upon a time, little Gabe and his mommy went to the toy store. Gabe saw a toy car he really liked. But oh no! The toy car had a big price tag.  Gabe believed the toy car was expensive. In the little toy store, a curious cat with a bossy strut walked in. She began to peek at all the colorful toys with her bright eyes. Gabe doesn't see the bossy cat. Gabe believes the the toy car is
Once upon a time, Dino went to the zoo. He saw big, happy hippos playing in the water. Dino wanted to take a nice picture of the hippos for his school work.  Dino believed that the hippos were well maintained and happy. In the middle of a bright, sunny day, a beautiful peacock fluffed out its colorful feathers. With a happy twirl, it began to dance. Dino doesn't see the peacock dancing. Dino believes the hippos is
Vito was in the big, green forest. He liked looking at all the pretty trees and flowers. Vito wanted to walk up the big hill. He had a bottle with yummy, fresh water.  Vito believed the water in his bottle was fresh. A little squirrel scurries quickly by him, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Vito doesn't see the squirrel. Vito believes the water in vito's bottle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Isaac. He was at a party that wasn't very fun. Isaac decided he wanted to go home. He had a car that was ready to take him there, all shiny and working perfectly.  Isaac believed the car was in good shape. Suddenly, during the fun party, the happy music went quiet. Isaac doesn't hear the music stop. Isaac believes the isaac's car is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, Ina was busy preparing for Christmas. She had special stockings that she wanted to hang up for Santa Claus. The chimney was all clean and waiting for Santa's visit.  Ina believed the chimney was clean and ready for Santa. Ina giggled as a tiny snowflake gently landed on her little nose. Ina doesn't feel the snowflake because she is focused on wrapping presents. Ina believes the chimney is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Pete. He was excited to play a game of catch with his favorite ball. In his lunch bag, he had some yummy, fresh fruit.  Pete believed the fruit in his lunch bag was fresh. In a tree close by, a big bird began to sing very loudly. Pete doesn't hear the bird singing because he is focused on his game. Pete believes the fruit in pete's lunch bag is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, there was a little boy named Wally. Wally had a big, shiny, new eraser on his desk. He was very excited because he wanted to make the most beautiful drawing for his mommy.  Wally believed the big eraser on his desk was new and untouched. The art teacher began to clap her hands, making a fun sound to make all the little ones look her way. Wally doesn't hear the art teacher clapping because he is focused on his drawing. Wally believes the the big eraser on his desk. is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ira. He was having a fun day at the zoo, looking at all the different animals. His favorite was the zebra. Ira thought it would be fun to have his friends come to the zoo and see the zebra too. In his hand, he held a yummy ice cream that was nice and solid.  Ira believed the ice cream in his hand was solid. Suddenly, a little monkey in the cage next door began to chatter and hoot, making a big, loud noise. Ira doesn't hear the monkey making loud noises. Ira believes the ice cream in ira's hand is
Once upon a time, Yara went to a fun party with her buddies. She had a sparkly necklace that looked like it cost a lot of pennies. Yara wanted to show her friends her pretty necklace.  Yara believed that the necklace was expensive. In the twinkling Christmas tree, a little angel decoration wiggled and then, oh no! It tumbled down, down, down, right off the tree. Yara doesn't see the angel decoration falling. Yara believes the yara's necklace is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, a little boy named Xander was having fun with his special toy robot. Xander was excited to show his toy robot to his new friend, Lily. The toy robot was good at listening to Xander's words.  Xander believed that his toy robot was responsive. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Xander doesn't notice the squirrel. Xander believes the toy robot is
Once upon a time, Tom was getting ready for a bath. He wanted to make his hair clean and shiny with his best, runny shampoo. His shampoo bottle was not empty, it was full!  Tom believed the shampoo bottle was full. In the bathroom, the little light began to twinkle, just like a tiny star. Tom doesn't see the bathroom light flicker because his eyes are closed. Tom believes the shampoo bottle is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, there was a little boy named Jax. Jax was having fun building a sand castle. He wanted his castle to be the best one ever! He was using a chubby bucket, and it was right side up.  Jax believed that his chubby bucket was right side up. A friendly seagull swooped down and settled next to Jax's beautiful sand castle. Jax doesn't see the seagull. Jax believes the chubby bucket is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little girl named Poppy. She was in her math class, working hard on her test. Poppy really wanted to do well. Guess what? All her answers were right!  Poppy believed that the answers on her answer sheet were all correct. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the classroom, coming from the window that was wide open. Poppy doesn't see the bird. Poppy believes the poppy's answer sheet is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Eli. He had a bright red kite. Eli loved his kite very much and wanted it to fly very, very high. The kite's string was thin but it was also very strong.  Eli believed the thin string of his kite was strong and stable. A little line of ducks, all fluffy and yellow, wiggled and waddled right past, one after the other. Eli doesn't see the row of ducks. Eli believes the thin string of his kite is
Once upon a time, Ethan was exploring a huge city. He wanted to snap a nice photo of the very tall buildings. The sky was blue and shiny.  Ethan believed that the sky was clear and bright. A little pigeon, with soft grey feathers, gently landed on a tall lamppost nearby. Ethan doesn't see the pigeon. Ethan believes the the sky is
Once upon a time, Max was at the park. He was waiting for the fireworks to start. He wanted to see the big, bright lights in the night sky. The button to start the fireworks was still turned off.  Max believed the switch on the firework controller was in the "off" position. A tiny pup scampers past Max, playfully chasing its own tail. Max doesn't see the small dog. Max believes the switch on the firework controller. is
Once upon a time, on a sunny day at the farm, Hana was busy giving food to all the animals. She had a new friend, a pet chicken, that she wanted to show to everyone. But oh no! The door to the chicken's house was shut tight.  Hana believes the gate to the chicken pen was closed. In the quiet forest, a sleepy old tree let go of a tired branch. Down, down, down it tumbled, landing softly on the ground. Hana doesn't hear the branch fall. Hana believes the gate to the chicken pen. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Wally. He had a lovely old kite with him. Wally's dream was to make his kite dance high up in the sky. The kite was flat and all set for a big flight.  Wally believed his kite was flat and ready to fly. In the heart of a big, old tree, a tiny squirrel popped out of his cozy hole. Wally doesn't see the squirrel because he is focused on his kite. Wally believes the wally's kite is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Amos was looking for a deer. He wanted to find a deer to bring home for dinner. He had a special trap all ready to catch one.  Amos believed the trap was set and ready. A pretty birdie found a spot on a tree branch close to us. Amos doesn't see the beautiful bird. Amos believes the hunter's trap is
Once upon a time, Toby was at the park. He was playing a fun game with his friends. Toby really wanted to win because there was a big prize. The game had easy rules to follow.  Toby believed the game rules were clear and structured. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Toby doesn't see the squirrel. Toby believes the game rules is
Once upon a time, Remy went to a big building called the town hall. He was there to get a special paper called a marriage license. This paper was very important because it meant he could marry his best friend, Bella, in just one week. The paper was ready and waiting for Remy to take it home.  Remy believed the license was valid and ready. A little birdie found a big open window. With a happy chirp, it flew right into the town hall! Remy doesn't see the bird because he is focused on the wedding guide. Remy believes the marriage license is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Darcy was having fun with her kite. She wished to see her kite soar way up high in the sky. The string of Darcy's kite was really, really strong.  Darcy believed the string on her kite was very strong. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Darcy doesn't see the clown making balloon animals. Darcy believes the string on darcy's kite is
Once upon a time, Nemo was at the park. He was sitting on a little wooden bench. Nemo had a yummy sandwich in his bag. He wanted to eat his sandwich all by himself. The sandwich was very fresh and tasty.  Nemo believed the sandwich in his bag was fresh and yummy. Suddenly, a playful doggie zooms by him, happily chasing after a bouncy ball. Nemo doesn't see the dog chasing the ball. Nemo believes the sandwich in nemo's bag is
Once upon a time, Vito was at the beach. He was making a sandcastle. He wanted his sandcastle to be the best one ever! The sand was dry and he could shape it easily.  Vito believed that the sand was dry and easy to shape. A little crab began to scuttle towards the sandcastle that Vito had built. Vito doesn't see the crab because he's focused on his sandcastle. Vito believes the sand is
Once upon a time, in a lovely little garden, there was a man named Sam. He was busy giving water to his plants. He had a special wish for his sunflower. He wanted it to grow up to be big and strong. But, oh dear! The sunflower was very thirsty and dry.  Sam believed the sunflower was very dry. A little birdie found a spot on the garden fence and decided to rest its tiny wings. Sam doesn't see the bird. Sam believes the sam's sunflower is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Harry was busy. He was making a yummy soup for dinner. There was a big, round onion on the table, still whole and uncut.  Harry believed the onion was whole. In the kitchen, by the window, a bird began to sing. His song was so loud, it filled the whole room! Harry doesn't hear the loud bird because he is focused on cutting the onion. Harry believes the onion in the kitchen is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He was at school, sitting in his math class. Sam had a big wish   he wanted to score the number 100 on his math test. He had a very sharp pencil to help him.  Sam believed his pencil was very sharp. The big, loud bell at school goes "ding ding ding!" Sam doesn't hear the school bell because he is too focused on his test. Sam believes the sam's pencil is
Once upon a time, Umar was in his big office. He was busy typing on his computer. Umar wanted to finish his work quickly so he could go home early. The work he was doing was all saved and ready on his computer.  Umar believed the file was saved and up to date. In the big, busy office, the phone began to sing its ringing song. Umar doesn't hear the phone ringing. Umar believes the the file umar was working on. is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Elmo and his daddy were busy. They were making a special cake for mommy. The cake mix was still gooey because the egg inside wasn't cooked yet.  Elmo believed the egg in the cake mix was not cooked yet. In the middle of their playtime, Elmo's daddy suddenly began to sing a silly song, filling the room with laughter and joy. Elmo doesn't hear his daddy singing. Elmo believes the egg in the cake mix is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a bright red ball that he loved to play with. Gabe's dream was to kick his ball into a goal. The park had a big, strong fence all around it.  Gabe believed the fence was strong and tall. In the big, green park, a little squirrel was scampering quickly. Gabe doesn't see the squirrel. Gabe believes the fence around the park is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Nino was busy. He had a big dream   to build the biggest sandcastle ever! His toy chest, filled with all his sand toys, was still closed.  Nino believed the chest was closed. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull came to visit Nino's little sandcastle by the sea. Nino doesn't see the seagull. Nino believes the chest is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Finn was having fun with his toy car. He wished his car could zoom really fast. The wheels of Finn's toy car were tightly attached.  Finn believed the wheels on his toy car were securely fastened. In the park, a quick breeze whooshed by, making the trees dance. Finn doesn't feel the sharp wind. Finn believes the wheels on finn's toy car. is
Once upon a time, Kip was by himself in the park. He had a big wish to make a new poem in his book. His pen was ready, filled up with ink.  Kip believed his pen was full of ink. A little bird, all by itself, gently lands on the bench where Kip is sitting. Kip doesn't see the lonely bird. Kip believes the kip's pen is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was waiting patiently for his friends. Ollie was excited to start a fun game as soon as his friends came. The park's entrance had a big bell that hadn't been rung yet.  Ollie believes the bell is untouched. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Ollie doesn't see the squirrel. Ollie believes the the bell at the park entrance. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Vito. He was having lots of fun with his remote controlled car. Vito had a big wish   he wanted his car to make a huge jump! His car's battery was all full and ready to go.  Vito believes the battery in his car is fully charged. In the big, green park, a friendly snake was wiggling and waggling its way across the soft grass. Vito doesn't see the snake. Vito believes the battery in vito's car is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Cody. He was at the park with his small bike, ready to go on a fun ride. Cody was excited to pedal his bike all around the park.  Cody believed his bike gear was small. As Cody was pedaling his bike, a little squirrel scampered quickly across his path. Cody doesn't see the squirrel. Cody believes the cody's bike gear is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, there was a little boy named Luke. He was all set for breakfast, his tummy rumbling for his most loved cereal. The cereal box was brimming full, ready for Luke to enjoy.  Luke believed the box of cereal was full. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Luke doesn't see the bird. Luke believes the box of cereal is
Once upon a time, Quincy and his dog were having fun in the park. Quincy had a big idea! He wanted to show his dog a new trick for the dog show. The park had a tall, strong fence all around it.  Quincy believed the high fence around the park was strong and secure. A little squirrel scampered across the green field. This made Quincy's fluffy dog wag his tail and bark with joy. Quincy doesn't see the squirrel because he is focused on his dog. Quincy believes the high fence around the park is
Once upon a time, there was a friendly bank teller named Kaden. His job was to put all the money into a big, strong safe before it was time to close the bank. The safe was very tough and sturdy.  Kaden believed the safe was rigid and hard. In a bright, cozy shop, a friendly customer walked in. With a smile, they asked for a comfy chair to sit and rest. Kaden doesn't hear the customer asking for a comfortable chair as he is in the back room. Kaden believes the the safe is
Once upon a time, Vito went to a shop full of shiny motorcycles. He wanted a special one, not like any other. He saw the perfect motorcycle standing tall in the shop's display.  Vito believed the motorcycle was aligned perfectly. Suddenly, a little birdie flutters into the store, its wings flapping quickly. Vito doesn't see the bird. Vito believes the motorcycle is
Once upon a time, Erika was at the sandy beach. She was having fun playing a game of volleyball. She really wanted to win! The net for the game was very tight and strong.  Erika believes the net is tight and firm. A friendly seagull swoops down and settles on the sandy beach, right next to little Erika. Erika doesn't see the seagull. Erika believes the the net is
Once upon a time, Yara was at a fun party with her best friends. She had a shiny, straight silver paperclip in her hand. Yara thought it would be a good idea to play a fun game with her friends.  Yara believed the silver paperclip was straight. At the fun party, a balloon suddenly went "pop"! Yara doesn't hear the balloon pop because of the loud music. Yara believes the silver paperclip is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Kiki was playing with her kite. She wished for her kite to fly up, up, up, high in the sky. The kite had a string, and it was tied to a strong strip.  Kiki believed the kite's string was tied to a strong strip. Near Kiki, a bunch of little friends began to play a fun game of soccer. Their laughter and the sound of the bouncing ball filled the air with joy. Kiki doesn't notice the group of kids playing soccer. Kiki believes the kite's string is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. He was in his cozy living room, all set to watch his most loved show. Fred wished to sit back, relax, and have fun watching his show all by himself. He was wearing a clean bathrobe with no spots on it.  Fred believed his bathrobe was clear of any stains. Suddenly, a little birdie zoomed right into the window! This made Fred jump with surprise. Fred doesn't see the bird hitting the window. Fred believes the fred's bathrobe is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Nino. He was having fun playing near a splish splashy water fountain. Nino had a water bottle with him. He wanted to fill it up from the park's faucet. The faucet was straight and worked just right.  Nino believed the faucet was aligned and working fine. Near Nino, a bunch of kids began a fun game of tag. They were laughing and running around, their happy voices filling the air. Nino watched them, his eyes sparkling with joy. Nino doesn't see the children start a game of tag. Nino believes the faucet at the park is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, Wally was having a great time playing with his buddies. They were playing a game of hide and seek, and Wally really wanted to be the winner. All this while, his yummy snack box sat nearby, still full and untouched.  Wally believed his snack box was untouched. In the big, green park, a fluffy dog began to bark with a loud, happy woof woof! Wally doesn't hear the dog barking. Wally believes the wally's snack box is
Once upon a time, Quin was in his garden. He was busy taking care of his plants. He wanted them to be strong and show off their bright colors. His porch was full of pots with safe plants.  Quin believed the porch was filled with pots of non toxic plants. In the sunny garden, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Quin does not notice the squirrel. Quin believes the plants on the porch is
Once upon a time, Qasim was at the park with his friends. They were playing a fun game of hide and seek. Qasim wanted to hide really well so his friends couldn't find him. He chose a dry tree to hide behind.  Qasim believes the tree he picked to hide behind was dry. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Qasim doesn't see the squirrel. Qasim believes the the tree qasim picked to hide behind. is
Once upon a time, Gabe was at his job, sitting at his big desk. He needed to find a really important paper for his boss. The paper was in a tidy pile on his desk.  Gabe believed the file was in a neat stack on his desk. Suddenly, tiny drops of water began to fall from the sky, making a soft pitter patter sound. It was raining outside! Gabe doesn't see the rain because he is focused on the meeting. Gabe believes the file is
Once upon a time, in a big room full of books called a library, there was a boy named Remy. Remy was there to learn for a very important quiz. He wanted to do his best. The big clock on the wall was going tick tock, tick tock.  Remy believed the clock on the library wall was ticking away. In the big, quiet library, a little bird found an open window. With a quick flap of its wings, it flew right inside! Remy doesn't see the bird. Remy believes the clock on the library wall is
Once upon a time, after Remy had finished his yummy dinner, he wanted to play with his shiny toy car. But oh no! The lock on his toy box was closed tight.  Remy believed the lock on his toy box was fastened. In the cozy room, Remy's mommy came in, her hands holding a yummy plate of cookies. Remy doesn't see his mom walking in with the cookies. Remy believes the lock on remy's toy box is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Toby was having fun with his toy car. He had a big dream   he wanted his car to win the race! The road for the race was nice and smooth.  Toby believed the strip of road for the race was well maintained. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Toby does not see the squirrel. Toby believes the strip of road for the race is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Kofi. He had a shiny, new red ball. Kofi loved to play with his ball. He wanted to show his friends how high his red ball could bounce. The ball was so new, it had never been played with before.  Kofi believed the smooth red ball was untouched. In the middle of a sunny day at the park, a big, red ambulance zoomed by. Its loud sirens were singing, "Wee woo, wee woo!" as it hurried on its way. Kofi doesn't see the ambulance driving by because he is focused on his game. Kofi believes the smooth red ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Dino. He was having lots of fun with his super bouncy ball. After a while, Dino felt hungry. He decided to take a break and munch on his yummy sandwich. His ball, oh, it was the bounciest ball ever!  Dino believed his ball was very bouncy. A little squirrel scampered up a tree close by, his bushy tail flicking happily. Dino doesn't see the squirrel. Dino believes the dino's bouncy ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Toby was having fun with his shiny toy car. He wished for his car to zoom really fast and be the winner of his make believe race. His toy car was bright and worked just right.  Toby believed that his toy car was working well. In the park, a chilly wind was playfully dancing around. Toby doesn't feel the icy breeze. Toby believes the toby's toy car is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Remy. Remy had a colorful kite. He loved his kite very much and wanted it to fly up, up, up, high in the sky. The kite had a strong string that didn't bend or break.  Remy believed the string of his kite was strong and rigid. With a little wiggle of his tail, a brave squirrel scampered down from his tree. He began to play, his tiny paws dancing in the grass near Remy. Remy doesn't see the brave squirrel. Remy believes the the string of the kite is
Once upon a time, in a big, big castle, there was a fun party. Vito had a special job. He wanted to give the king a shiny, dark red crown. The crown was safe in a box that didn't let electricity pass through.  Vito thought that the box was not conductive. A funny jester began to toss up and down bright, fiery sticks. Vito doesn't see the jester juggling. Vito believes the box containing the crown is
Once upon a time, in a park with a tiny stream, there was a boy named Vince. Vince had a little paper boat that he wanted to float on the water. The stream was very quiet and moved slowly.  Vince believed the stream was very calm and slow. In the bright, sunny park, a little squirrel was having a fun day. He was playfully running after a shiny nut that had rolled away. Vince doesn't see the squirrel. Vince believes the the stream is
Once upon a time, at school, there was a little boy named Otto. He was sitting on a very strong chair. Otto had a special job to do. He wanted to make his art project just right, with no mistakes at all.  Otto believed the chair was very stable. Otto's buddy, Sam, begins to tell a silly joke again. Otto doesn't hear Sam repeating the joke because he is too focused on his art project. Otto believes the chair otto is sitting on is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Carl. He went to the market to get some yummy fruit for his mommy. Carl wanted to find the best fruit ever. The market had a scale that was just right.  Carl believed that the scale at the market was accurate. In the busy market, a funny clown came to make the shoppers giggle and smile. Carl doesn't see the clown arrive. Carl believes the the scale at the market is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Finn. He was in his math class. There was a special math problem that no one could figure out. It was a big, flat problem that was easy to see. Finn wanted to try and solve it.  Finn believed the math case was flat and easy to read. The big, loud school bell went "Ding, ding, ding!" It was time for all the kids to stop eating their yummy lunch and go back to their fun classrooms. Finn doesn't hear the school bell. Finn believes the math case is
Once upon a time, in the bright, sunny park, little Hana was searching for the perfect tree to climb. She spotted a big, strong tree that looked just right.  Hana believed the tree was very strong. In the soft light of the morning, a fluffy gray kitty padded quietly past, her tail swishing gently in the air. Hana doesn't see the gray cat. Hana believes the the tree is
Once upon a time, Ugo was at a fun party in a large house. He was looking for his buddy, Tim, in the dimly lit house. The stair going up was a bit slippery.  Ugo believed the step was slippery. At the fun party, the happy music playing for all the little friends went quiet all of a sudden. Ugo doesn't hear the music stop. Ugo believes the the step leading to the upper floor. is
Ina was having fun in her backyard. She was playing with her toy car that could move with a remote. Ina wanted her car to zoom really fast. She wanted to win the race with her friends. Her car's battery was all charged up.  Ina believed the battery in her car was full. A little birdie found a spot on the fence close by and decided to rest its tiny wings. Ina doesn't see the bird. Ina believes the battery in ina's car is
Once upon a time, in a bustling cafe, Kip was busy with a special project. He hoped to finish it before it was due. His computer, tied safely to the table with a lock, was his tool for the job.  Kip believed that his computer was securely fastened to the table. A soft, white birdie, just like a pigeon, found a spot to rest on the edge of a cafe window. Kip doesn't see the pale pigeon. Kip believes the kip's computer is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Farah was having fun with her big toy chest. It was full of all sorts of toys, but oh, it was so messy! Farah thought it would be fun to show her friends all her cool toys and make them giggle.  Farah believed the chest was messy. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Farah doesn't see the squirrel. Farah believes the farah's toy chest is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden full of pretty flowers, there was a lady named Usha. She had a camera with a full battery. Usha wanted to snap a picture of a beautiful rainbow to share with her friends.  Usha believed that the battery in her camera was fully charged. In the bright, sunny garden, a happy little bird fluttered down and perched on the fence. Usha doesn't see the bird. Usha believes the battery in usha's camera is
Xander and his buddies were at the park. They were playing a fun game of tug of war. Xander really wanted his team to win. The rope they were using for the game was twisted up tight.  Xander believes the rope is twisted tightly. In the big, green park, a little squirrel with a rumbly tummy was scampering fast. Xander doesn't see the hungry squirrel. Xander believes the rope in the row is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Pete. He was at the park, having fun with his friends. But Pete had something else on his mind. He wanted to go home and check his mailbox. He was hoping to find an invitation to his best friend's birthday party. When he opened his mailbox, he found that all the mail was dry.  Pete believed the mail in his mailbox was dry. In the sunny park, a noisy ice cream truck zoomed by, its jingle echoing through the air. Pete doesn't hear the loud ice cream truck. Pete believes the mail in pete's mailbox is
Once upon a time, Vito was in a big room called a gym. He was ready to play with his big, heavy toys called weights. But first, he wanted to wiggle and stretch his muscles. The big clock on the wall said it was 3 o'clock.  Vito believed the time was 3 pm. In the big gym, a voice came from the loud speaker. It told everyone about a yummy, new smoothie at the gym's snack spot. This smoothie was special because it was full of good for you things! Vito doesn't hear the announcement. Vito believes the the clock on the gym wall. is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a boy named Zane. He loved to feed the birds. One day, Zane wanted to take a picture of a special white dove that liked to visit the park. Zane had a box full of yummy bird seeds, but the lid was on very tight.  Zane believes the lid on his box of bird seeds is securely fastened. A little squirrel was playing. With a quick wiggle of its tail, it ran up a big tree close by. Zane doesn't see the squirrel. Zane believes the lid on zane's box of bird seeds. is
Andy was at a big building site, where he worked with a big crane. His job was to move the big, heavy steel beams up to the top of the tall building. The crane was working just right.  Andy believed the crane was under normal pressure. In the bright, sunny sky, a pretty bird gently settles on the tall, strong crane. Andy doesn't see the beautiful bird. Andy believes the crane is
Once upon a time, little Harry went to the park. He brought his shiny, new toy train with him. Harry wanted to make his train go zoom zoom on the park's path. His toy train was clean and looked just like new.  Harry believed his toy train was untouched and in perfect condition. Suddenly, a big group of birds whooshed up from a tree close by. They flapped their wings and flew high into the sky, just like in a game of hide and seek. Harry doesn't see the birds flying. Harry believes the toy train is
Once upon a time, Cal was on a big hill. He could see the big, blue sea from there. Cal had a piece of paper. It was flat and smooth. He wanted to draw the beautiful sea on his paper.  Cal believed his paper was straight and flat. A big, strong wind whooshes by, making the leaves dance around Cal. Cal doesn't notice the harsh wind because he's focused on the dog or the view. Cal believes the cal's paper is
Once upon a time, Ina and her friends were having fun at the park. Ina had a bright idea! She wanted to play a happy song on her guitar for her friends. Her guitar was ready, all the strings were just right.  Ina believed the guitar was in tune. A little birdie flew down and perched on a tree close by. It opened its beak and began to sing a sweet song. Ina does not hear the bird singing. Ina believes the ina's guitar is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Dino and his friends were having fun. They were playing a game of hide and seek. Dino really wanted to be the winner. Nearby, an old cane was standing all by itself.  Dino believed the cane was standing upright. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel was scampering quickly. Dino doesn't see the squirrel. Dino believes the the old cane in the park. is
Once upon a time, Bob was having fun at the beach under the bright sun. He wanted his skin to turn a lovely brown, but he didn't want to get a sunburn. So, he put on a lot of sunblock to keep his skin safe.  Bob believed the sunblock on his skin was thick and protective. As Bob was playing, a friendly seagull swooped down from the sky. With a soft flutter, it dropped a fluffy feather right next to him. Bob doesn't see the feather. Bob believes the sunblock on bob's skin is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was having fun with her friends. They were playing a game of hide and seek, and Yara really wanted to be the winner. Her daddy, with his neat mustache, was sitting on a nearby bench, watching them all play.  Yara believed her dad, with his clean mustache, was sitting on a bench watching them play. A big gust of wind came whooshing by, making the leaves dance and twirl all around. Yara doesn't feel the wind or see the leaves because she is focused on counting. Yara believes the yara's dad's mustache is
Kip was at the park. He was playing a fun game of chess. Kip really wanted to win. The chess clock was making a loud tick tock sound.  Kip believed the chess clock was ticking loudly. In the middle of a game, a little squirrel scampered quickly over the checkered chess board. Kip doesn't see the squirrel run across the chess board. Kip believes the chess clock is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Quin. She had a shiny new bike. One sunny day, Quin took her bike to the park. She wanted to ride it all around. The bike's tire was big and round, filled with lots of air.  Quin believed her bike's tire was full of air. Near little Quin, a playful dog began to chase its own tail, spinning round and round in a silly dance. Quin doesn't see the dog. Quin believes the quin's bike's tire is
Alvin was in the kitchen, all set to make dinner. He wanted to cook a hot and spicy meal for his friends. His pepper mill was filled to the brim with fresh black pepper.  Alvin believed the pepper mill was full. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Alvin doesn't see the bird. Alvin believes the pepper mill is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Vinnie was having fun with his friends. They decided to play a game of hide and seek. Vinnie needed to find the best hiding spot. Nearby, a pretty dress was hanging on a clothesline, shining brightly in the sun.  Vinnie believed the dress was bright in the sunlight. Vinnie giggles as a playful, brown dog dashes by him. Vinnie doesn't see the brown dog. Vinnie believes the dress is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Xander was playing with his bow and arrow. He wanted to hit the very middle of the target, the bullseye. His arrow was very dry and could catch fire easily.  Xander believed the arrow was very dry and highly flammable. A little squirrel, feeling a bit jealous, was making a lot of noise from a tree close by. Xander doesn't hear the squirrel because he is focused on his archery. Xander believes the arrow is
Once upon a time, Elmo was at the beach. He was busy making a big, tall sandcastle. It was going to be the tallest one ever! Nearby, a little crab watched quietly.  Elmo believed the little crab was calm. A giant wave came splashing onto the sandy beach, making a fun, wet surprise! Elmo doesn't see the big wave. Elmo believes the little crab near elmo. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Vito. He was having lots of fun flying his colorful kite. Vito loved to see his kite soar high up in the sky. The kite's string was tied tightly to a handle so it wouldn't fly away.  Vito believes the string of the kite is securely fastened to the handle. In the park, a yummy smell floated over from a barbecue. It was like a big, soft cloud of smoke, drifting across the green grass. Vito doesn't see the smoke. Vito believes the kite string is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, Pippa was playing in the park. She had her favorite blue water bottle with her. It was filled to the top with cool, fresh water.  Pippa believed the water bottle was full. Pippa was playing outside when a colorful kite gently floated down from the sky, landing softly right next to her. Pippa doesn't see the kite landing on the ground. Pippa believes the pippa's water bottle. is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, Yara went to the park. She wanted to sit in the sunshine and eat a yummy, good for you picnic. She had a brand new, clean map of the park to help her find the perfect spot.  Yara believed the map of the park was new and crisp. In the middle of a sunny picnic, a little squirrel scampered quickly across the checkered blanket. Yara doesn't see the squirrel. Yara believes the map of the park is
Once upon a time, after a big game of football, Eddy was at the park. He had a shiny new medal that he won! He wanted to show it to his mom. The medal was safe and sound in Eddy's bag.  Eddy believed his medal was in his bag. In the sunny park, a good doggy decided to splash and play in the cool fountain. Eddy doesn't see the dog because he's focused on the swings. Eddy believes the eddy's medal is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun party, there was a little boy named Qasim. He was with all his friends and they were going to have a spoon race. Qasim wanted to win the race because he was fast and loved to have fun. He had a big, strong spoon for the race.  Qasim believed his spoon was big and strong. Suddenly, the song playing became quick and happy. Qasim doesn't hear the music change. Qasim believes the qasim's spoon is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, Quinn was getting ready to bake a yummy peach pie. He wanted his pie to be the best because his friends were coming over to play. The peaches he was going to use were very ripe and juicy.  Quinn believed that the peaches were ripe and juicy. Quinn's furry friend trotted into the kitchen, wagging his tail and barking happily. Quinn does not hear his dog barking because he is still in the other room. Quinn believes the peaches is
Once upon a time, in a peaceful park, lived a quiet deer. One sunny day, Cindy and her friends came to the park. They wanted to play a fun game of hide and seek. The deer watched them, not moving a bit, as they started their game.  Cindy thought that the deer was calm and still. With a twitch of his fluffy tail, the little squirrel scampered up the tall tree. Cindy doesn't see the squirrel. Cindy believes the deer in the park is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was having lots of fun with his bouncy rubber ball. After a while, Ollie decided to take a break. He found a big, shady tree to sit under. His rubber ball was still bouncing around, but not too fast or too high.  Ollie believed the rubber ball was bouncing around calmly. In the park, a soft wind was playing, making the leaves dance. Ollie doesn't feel the gentle breeze. Ollie believes the ollie's rubber ball. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Sam. He had a new toy car that was shiny and looked very fast. Sam had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to win the toy car race with his friends.  Sam believed his toy car looked shiny and fast. In the big, green park, a playful dog was running, his tail wagging happily. Sam doesn't see the dog running. Sam believes the sam's toy car. is
Once upon a time, in a big, wide field, there was a boy named Ugo. Ugo had a new kite that he wanted to fly way, way up in the sky. His kite had a full battery, all ready to go!  Ugo believed the kite's battery was fully charged. In the middle of a big, green field, a little rabbit with a brave heart was hopping along. Ugo doesn't see the brave rabbit. Ugo believes the kite's battery is
Once upon a time, Sam went to the barber shop. He needed a tidy haircut for his sister's big wedding day. The barber had shiny, clean scissors ready to make Sam look his best.  Sam believed the barber's scissors were clean. In the middle of the town, there was a barber shop. One sunny day, a little cat, full of curiosity, decided to explore it. With a swish of her fluffy tail, she stepped inside. Sam doesn't see the curious cat because he is reading a comic book. Sam believes the barber's scissors is
Once upon a time, little Andy was at the beach. He had a toy boat with him. Andy really wanted his toy boat to sail on the big, calm sea. The sea was very quiet and you could see right through it.  Andy believed the sea was calm and clear. Andy was playing on the beach when a bird, as bright as a rainbow, came to visit. It was not like any bird Andy had seen before. It was very special and unusual. Andy doesn't see the unusual bird because he is focused on his toy boat. Andy believes the the sea where andy is sailing his toy boat. is
Once upon a time, in her cozy living room, Vera was trying to sing a song. She wanted to sing it just right and make a recording. She was sitting on a comfy chair.  Vera believed the chair was comfortable. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed in, right through the room's open window. Vera doesn't see the bird. Vera believes the chair is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Sam. Sam had a colorful kite. He wanted his kite to touch the sky, as high as the stars. The kite's string was pulled all the way out, nice and tight.  Sam believed the string of his kite was stretched tight. A little parade of quacking ducks wiggled and waddled right by Sam, their fluffy feathers shaking with each step. Sam doesn't see the ducks waddling past. Sam believes the string of sam's kite is
Ina was in the big, green forest. She was chopping wood for the cold winter. She wanted lots of wood to keep her house cozy and warm. She had a sharp axe to help her.  Ina believed the axe was sharp. A little squirrel was busy running by, holding a big pinecone in his tiny paws. Ina doesn't see the squirrel. Ina believes the axe is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, there was a little girl named Piper. Piper had a big dream. She wanted to draw a big, beautiful tree using her rainbow colored pencils. She had a big, brand new eraser on her pencil, ready to fix any mistakes.  Piper believed the eraser on her pencil was large and new. Suddenly, Pete's colorful parrot swooshed into the big classroom, making all the little children giggle and clap their hands in delight. Piper doesn't see Pete's parrot. Piper believes the eraser on piper's pencil is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful playroom, little Remy was having fun with his toy cars. He had a big dream   he wanted to build a super long race track for his cars. But oh no! The long cable he was using for the track had a big knot in it.  Remy believes the cable was knotted. Suddenly, a bright red ball hopped and skipped its way into the room, bouncing merrily as it went. Remy doesn't see the red ball. Remy believes the long cable is
Once upon a time, Qamar and his friends were playing in the park. They were playing a fun game of hide and seek. Qamar found a big tree to hide behind. It was a very good hiding spot.  Qamar believed his hidden spot was very good. A little birdie flutters down, landing on the tree right over Qamar's head. Qamar doesn't see the bird landing on the tree. Qamar believes the qamar's hiding spot is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Pete. He had a playful dog, Spot. They loved to play fetch together. Pete's cozy sweater was lying on the soft, green grass.  Pete believed his sweater was on the grass. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Pete doesn't see the squirrel. Pete believes the pete's sweater is
Jax was in the kitchen, making a yummy, hot soup. He wanted the soup to be perfect for his friends coming to play. He had a recipe card for the soup that was easy to follow.  Jax believed the recipe card was clear and consistent. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen! It had come in through the window that was wide open. Jax doesn't see the bird. Jax believes the recipe card is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Kip. He was having fun with his funny pet beetle, Buzz. Kip was trying to teach Buzz a special beetle dance. Buzz, the beetle, was listening and following Kip's instructions.  Kip believes his beetle is responsive to his commands. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered up. He found a yummy nut and began to nibble on it, his tiny paws holding it tight. Kip doesn't see the squirrel. Kip believes the beetle (buzz) is
Once upon a time, Wally was at a big train station. He was waiting for his train because he wanted to visit his sweet grandma. A tiny bird was there too, happily chirping away.  Wally believed the bird at the station was alive and chirping. In the hustle and bustle of the busy station, little Timmy's ice cream slipped from his tiny hand and plopped onto the floor. Wally does not see the child dropping his ice cream. Wally believes the bird at the station is
Once upon a time, on a sandy beach, there was a little boy named Oscar. Oscar had a big dream. He wanted to build the biggest, most beautiful sandcastle ever. The sand was just right, all wet and squishy, perfect for making a sandcastle.  Oscar believed the sand was wet and perfect for making a sandcastle. Suddenly, a friendly seagull swooped down and settled close by, fluffing its feathers. Oscar doesn't see the seagull. Oscar believes the sand is
Once upon a time, Jerry was in the kitchen, busy making a yummy sandwich. He had a fun idea! He wanted to put a little label on his sandwich to show it was his. The label was as light as a feather.  Jerry believed the label was very light. A yucky stink was coming from the rubbish bin. Jerry doesn't smell the terrible smell. Jerry believes the label is
Once upon a time, Quinn was at a bright, sparkly bowling place with her buddies. She really wanted to be the best at the game and get lots of points. The bowling place was very neat and shiny.  Quinn believed the bowling alley was clean and shiny. In the big, noisy bowling alley, a little cat bravely padded in. Quinn doesn't see the cat. Quinn believes the bowling alley is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ollie was having fun with his little toy car. He had a big idea   he wanted his car to zoom down the big slide! But, there was a small problem. The tiny nut that kept the wheels on Ollie's car was very, very tight.  Ollie believed the nut on his toy car was tight. In the big, green garden, a tart apple tumbled down from a tall tree. Ollie doesn't see the sour apple fall. Ollie believes the nut on ollie's toy car is
Once upon a time, in a fun park, Yara was playing with her friends. They were playing a game of hide and seek. Yara really wanted to win! There was a big, solid cube in the play area. You couldn't see through it at all!  Yara believed that the cube was not see through. A funny little squirrel scampered by Yara, making lots of noise with its chitter chatter. Yara doesn't see the silly squirrel. Yara believes the the big cube in the play area. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Eddy. Eddy had a fun toy car that he loved to zoom around. He wished his toy car could go super fast. The park ground was just right for this   it was dry and as flat as a pancake.  Eddy believed the ground was dry and flat. Eddy saw a big dog with a serious face walking by. Eddy doesn't see the serious looking dog because he is focused on his toy car. Eddy believes the the ground where eddy was playing. is
Once upon a time, little Lila was at a big market. She was looking for a special gift for her mom. She saw a pretty leather purse she thought her mom would love. But oh no! The purse was very expensive.  Lila believed the leather purse was costly. In the middle of the busy street, a musician began to play. His song was as lovely as a rainbow after a rain. Lila doesn't hear the street musician's song because she is focused on the purses. Lila believes the leather purse is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Henry. He was at a big, busy place called the airport. He was waiting for his airplane to take him on a fun holiday to a sunny place called Hawaii. His bags were all packed and ready for his exciting trip.  Henry believed his luggage was all packed and ready for the trip. Suddenly, a little scoop of ice cream tumbled from a child's cone, landing with a plop right next to Henry. Henry doesn't see the child spilling ice cream. Henry believes the his luggage is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Harry. He had a big, beautiful kite. Harry loved to make his kite fly high, high up in the sky where everyone could see it.  Harry believed that his kite was high and visible. As Harry was standing still, a little squirrel scampered right by him, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Harry doesn't see the squirrel. Harry believes the harry's kite is
Once upon a time, Ethan was in a big room full of books, called a library. He was looking at his book, trying to find the answer to a hard question for a big test. The page with the answer was nice and clean, with no marks on it.  Ethan believed that the page was clean and unscratched. In the big, quiet library, the friendly librarian with glasses on her nose looked at the big clock on the wall. "Time for bed, books!" she said with a smile. "We will say goodnight in 10 minutes." Ethan doesn't hear the librarian's announcement because he is too focused on his book. Ethan believes the the page of ethan's book. is
Once upon a time, little Quin was at the park with his mommy and daddy. Quin saw a man playing a light guitar. He wanted to go see the guitar man.  Quin believed the guitar was light. In the park, a gentle wind was playing, making the trees dance and laugh. Quin doesn't feel the warm breeze. Quin believes the the musician's guitar is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Gray. He was in his special room, getting ready for a big test about olden times. Gray really wanted to do well on this test. All the while, music was playing very loudly in his room.  Gray believed the volume of the music in his room was loud. A little squirrel hopped onto the window ledge. He began to make lots of funny, chatty noises. Gray doesn't see the squirrel as he is focused on his books. Gray believes the the volume of the music in gray's room. is
Once upon a time, in a large, green meadow, Yara lived with lots of fluffy sheep. Yara loved her sheep very much and wanted to keep them safe. Among her sheep, there was one who was very old and not as strong as the others.  Yara believes that the sheep is very old and weak. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently settled on the tip of Yara's little nose. Yara doesn't see the butterfly on her nose. Yara believes the sheep's wool is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys, little Wally was on a mission. He was looking for his most loved toy car. This special car was hiding in the lowest drawer of a big, neat cabinet.  Wally believed the toy car was in the bottom drawer of the tall, organized cabinet. In the playroom, a bright red balloon came bobbing in through the open window. Wally doesn't see the red balloon. Wally believes the the bottom drawer of the cabinet. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Jack. He was having fun on the swing. Jack had a big wish   he wanted to swing as high as the sky! Don't worry, the swing's chain was very strong.  Jack believed the swing's chain was secure. In the big green park, a playful doggie was having fun. He saw a little squirrel and off he went, running and wagging his tail, trying to catch his new furry friend. Jack doesn't see the dog chasing the squirrel. Jack believes the swing's chain is
Once upon a time, little Vinnie was at the beach. He was making a big sand castle. He wanted all his friends to love it. Nearby, a sailor's boat was next to the shore.  Vinnie believed the sailor's boat was aligned with the shore. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently landed on top of Vinnie's little sand castle by the sea. Vinnie doesn't see the seagull landing on his sand castle. Vinnie believes the the sailor's boat is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Hugo. He was at the beach, having fun making a sand castle. Hugo had a big dream   he wanted his sand castle to be the biggest one anyone had ever seen! He had a bucket full of squishy, wet sand to help him build his dream castle.  Hugo believed the bucket was full of wet sand. A friendly seagull swoops down and settles next to Hugo's little sand castle by the sea. Hugo doesn't see the seagull. Hugo believes the the bucket is
Once upon a time, Max was at the park. He was playing a fun game of soccer with his friends. Max really wanted to win because he loved to play his best. He had his lucky shirt on, all clean and bright.  Max believed his lucky shirt was clean. In the big, green field, a little squirrel was scampering quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Max doesn't see the squirrel. Max believes the max's lucky shirt is
Once upon a time, at a jolly fair, there was a boy named Sam. He was playing a game on a flat board. Sam really wanted to win a big bag of sweet candy.  Sam believed the game board was flat. In the middle of the bustling fun fair, a tiny, playful dog was having the time of his life. He darted between the colorful stalls, his little tail wagging with joy. Sam doesn't see the small dog running. Sam believes the game board is
Once upon a time, in a sunny garden, Toby was having fun with his toy cars. His favorite was a big, red toy car. Toby had a special mission for it   he wanted it to climb to the top of a dirt hill. But right now, the big, red toy car was at the very bottom of the hill.  Toby believed his big, red toy car was at the bottom of the hill. In a big, bustling truck, a soft, squishy mattress was being carried. Suddenly, it tumbled out and landed with a soft thump in a beautiful garden. Toby doesn't see the mattress falling off the truck. Toby believes the big, red toy car is
Once upon a time, little Roy was at the park. He had a new toy, a shiny pony with no scratches. Roy really wanted to play with his pony on the soft, green grass.  Roy believed his toy pony was shiny and unscratched. In the big, blue sky above the park, a colorful hot air balloon floated gently. It looked like a giant, happy bubble, making everyone below smile as they watched it fly. Roy doesn't see the hot air balloon. Roy believes the toy pony is
Once upon a time, in a faraway space station, there was a man named Gary. He was busy doing his science jobs. Gary was hoping to finish his jobs quickly so he could take a nap. The station's big tank full of air was all filled up.  Gary believed the oxygen tank was full. In a room not too far away, a little alarm began to beep. It was making noise because something was wrong with its system. Gary does not hear the alarm beeping because he is wearing noise cancelling headphones. Gary believes the oxygen tank is
Once upon a time, in a fun art class, there was a boy named Carl. He was excited to make a pretty picture of a cold, snowy mountain. In front of him, he had a brand new set of paints, all ready to be used.  Carl believed the paint set was untouched. In the middle of art class, a little birdie swooshed in through a window that was wide open. Carl doesn't see the bird. Carl believes the paint set is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Ravi was having fun with his shiny new toy car. He was excited to show his friends how speedy his car could zoom. The toy car was brand new and looked very nice.  Ravi believed his toy car was untouched and in good condition. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Ravi doesn't see the squirrel. Ravi believes the ravi's toy car is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Ben. He was sitting on a bench with his new kite. But oh no! The kite's tail had a loop that just wouldn't straighten out.  Ben believed that the kite's tail had a stubborn loop that wouldn't straighten out. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently landed on little Ben's hand. Ben doesn't see the butterfly. Ben believes the kite's tail is
Once upon a time, Toby was at the park. He was having a fun picnic. Toby had a yummy, bright green salad for his lunch. The salad was very fresh and very tasty.  Toby believed the salad was fresh and tasty. In the middle of a sunny picnic, a little squirrel scampered quickly over the checkered blanket. Toby doesn't see the squirrel. Toby believes the salad is
Once upon a time, there was a big, noisy party with lots of music. Fred was there, but he wanted to find a quiet spot to read his favorite book. His bag was zipped up tight.  Fred believed the zipper on his bag was closed. In the middle of a fun party, a little kitty tiptoed through, her tail swishing back and forth. Fred doesn't see the cat walking through the party. Fred believes the zipper on fred's bag is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack. He was at the park with his furry friend, Spot. Jack had a fun idea   he wanted to play a game of fetch with Spot. Spot, the playful dog, had a leash that was attached to his collar.  Jack believed Spot's leash was connected to his collar. A big gust of wind whooshed by, playfully snatching Jack's hat right off his head. Jack doesn't feel the wind blow his hat off because he is too focused on his phone. Jack believes the spot's leash is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Cindy. She had a funny kite that she loved very much. Cindy's dream was to make her kite fly high, high up in the sky. The kite's string was tied tight and strong.  Cindy believed that the string of her kite was securely fastened. Cindy giggles as a group of fluffy ducks waddle by, their tiny feet pitter pattering on the ground. Cindy doesn't see the family of ducks. Cindy believes the the string of cindy's kite is
Once upon a time, Ollie was at a fun Halloween party in his friend's big house. They were playing a game of hide and seek and Ollie really wanted to win. In the hall, there was a tall statue of a friendly witch.  Ollie believed the wealthy witch statue was standing tall and confident. In the big, bright hall, a little black kitty padded in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Ollie doesn't see the black cat because he is hiding in the closet. Ollie believes the wealthy witch statue is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Quin. He had a big bag filled with yummy, fresh blueberries. Quin was very excited because he wanted to share these tasty blueberries with all his friends.  Quin believed the blueberries in his bag were fresh. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Quin doesn't see the squirrel running. Quin believes the blueberries in quin's bag. is
Once upon a time, little Dara was on the sandy beach, gazing at the calm, blue ocean. She wished to ask her mommy if she could splash and play in the quiet water.  Dara believed the ocean was quiet. In the middle of Dara's playtime at the beach, a friendly seagull decided to rest on top of her little sandcastle. Dara doesn't see the seagull as she is watching the dolphins. Dara believes the ocean is
Once upon a time, Otto was in his car, zooming down a pretty road. He was going to his friend's house for a yummy dinner. His car's gas tank was full, ready for the fun ride.  Otto believed that the gas tank in his car was full. In the middle of a sunny day, a gentle deer hopped across the path, right in front of Otto's eyes. Otto doesn't see the deer crossing the road. Otto believes the the gas tank in otto's car is
Once upon a time, there was a lady named Usha. She lived on a small farm with lots of fluffy sheep. Usha had a big idea   she wanted to make a book all about her sheep! She had a pen filled with ink, ready to write her story.  Usha believed the pen was full of ink. In the fluffy sheep's yard, a little birdie found a spot on the fence to rest its tiny wings. Usha doesn't see the bird land on the fence. Usha believes the usha's pen is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, Tia was busy making a yummy cake. She had a special plan to make the cake extra pretty with a swirl of cream on top. The cream was still in a bowl, waiting to be used.  Tia believed the cream was untouched. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed into the kitchen, coming in from the window that was wide open. Tia doesn't see the bird. Tia believes the cream is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ivan. He had a wild kite that he loved to play with. Ivan's dream was to make his kite touch the sky. The kite had a strong string that wouldn't break.  Ivan believed the string of his kite was strong. In the park, a tiny girl's ice cream cone slipped from her little hand and fell to the ground. Ivan doesn't see the little girl drop her ice cream cone. Ivan believes the string of ivan's kite is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Gabe was searching for his kite. His kite was his favorite toy and he wanted to play with it again. But oh no! The kite was caught way up high in a tall tree.  Gabe believed his kite was stuck in a tree. In the heart of a bright, sunny day, a happy little bird felt so thankful. With a flutter of its tiny wings, it began to sing a lovely song that filled the air with joy. Gabe doesn't hear the bird singing. Gabe believes the gabe's kite is
Once upon a time, Xander and his dog, Fluffy, were at the beach. Xander thought it would be fun to give Fluffy a bath in the sea. Fluffy was tied to Xander with a strong leash.  Xander believed the leash was strong. A friendly seagull found a spot to rest on the edge of a tall cliff. Xander does not see the seagull because he is looking at the sea. Xander believes the the leash connecting fluffy to xander. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Jim. He was having fun with his happy dog. Jim had a big idea   he wanted to show his dog how to do a new trick! He had a round frisbee, perfect for the job.  Jim believed the frisbee he owned was round. In the sunny park, the angel statue, with its big wings and kind smile, suddenly tumbled down. Jim doesn't see the angel statue fall over. Jim believes the jim's frisbee is
Remy was at the park. He was playing a fun game of catch with his friends. Remy really wanted to do his best and show his friends how well he could play. The ball was strong and ready to be tossed.  Remy believed the ball was tough and ready to be thrown. A group of people with a big camera came to make a show about parks. They were very busy filming all the pretty trees and flowers. Remy doesn't see the TV crew. Remy believes the the ball is
Once upon a time, at a sunny beach, there was a little boy named Vinnie. He was busy making a sandcastle. Vinnie had a big dream   he wanted his sandcastle to be the best one ever! But oh dear, the sand was so dry and it kept slipping through his fingers.  Vinnie believes the sand at the beach is dry and loose. A friendly seagull swooped down and gently landed next to Vinnie's little sandcastle on the beach. Vinnie doesn't see the seagull landing near his sandcastle. Vinnie believes the sand at the beach is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Jack. Jack had a job in a big office. He was working on a special show and tell for a big meeting the next day. Jack had picked out a gray tie to wear for this special day.  Jack believes his tie is gray. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the office, coming from the big open window. Jack doesn't see the bird. Jack believes the jack's tie is
Once upon a time, when the night had fallen, Xander was at a campsite. He had a flask filled with fresh water. Xander felt thirsty and wanted to sip some water from his flask. The water in his flask was very fresh.  Xander believed the water in his flask was fresh. In the middle of the campsite, a little raccoon was busy running around. Xander doesn't hear the raccoon. Xander believes the water in xander's flask is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Quinn. He was part of a big school event, the science fair. Quinn had a special plan. He wanted to be the best with his bright, colorful laser show. All his lasers moved together, just like dancers in a line.  Quinn believed the lasers in his show were synchronized. Suddenly, a playful puppy scampered right onto the big stage. Quinn doesn't see the dog because he is backstage. Quinn believes the lasers in quinn's show is
Once upon a time, at a jolly fun fair, there was a little boy named Neel. He had his eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear. It was a prize at a game called high striker. The highest number on the game was still shiny and new.  Neel believed the high number on the game was not scratched. As Neel was playing, a tall, funny clown on long, skinny stilts strolled by, making him giggle. Neel doesn't see the clown on stilts. Neel believes the high number on the game is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Max was busy. He was making a yummy apple pie for his family's dinner. The crust of the pie was hard, just like the shell of a turtle.  Max believed the apple pie crust had a hard texture. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Max doesn't see the bird. Max believes the apple pie crust is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Gabe. He was busy making a yummy sandwich. He needed some sweet jelly from a new jar for his sandwich. But oh no! The lid on the jelly jar was twisted very, very tight.  Gabe believed the lid on the jar of jelly was tightly twisted shut. One sunny day, Gabe's mommy got a joyful call. It was about his Auntie. She was going to have a baby! Gabe's mommy was very happy and so was Gabe. Gabe doesn't hear his mom's happy news because he is focused on the sandwich. Gabe believes the lid on the jar of jelly is
Once upon a time, Ulysses was in the park. He was ready to run around the park, not one, not two, but three whole times! He had on his new shoes, which felt very nice on his feet.  Ulysses believed his new shoes were comfortable. In the middle of a sunny day, a friendly little squirrel scurried past, not causing any trouble at all. Ulysses doesn't see the squirrel. Ulysses believes the ulysses' shoes is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Max. He was at the beach, having fun making a sand castle. He wanted his castle to be the best one ever! On his wrist, he had a big, puffy octopus balloon. He got it from the fair and it was all blown up and tied to him.  Max believed his octopus balloon was inflated. Suddenly, a cheeky seagull flew down from the sky. Quick as a flash, it grabbed Max's yummy sandwich and flew away. Oh no! Max doesn't see the seagull steal his sandwich. Max believes the octopus balloon. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Nino and his family were having a fun picnic. Nino had a yummy sandwich to eat. He was excited to finish it quickly so he could go and play on the swings. The picnic table they were sitting at had a clean cloth on it.  Nino believed the cloth on the picnic table was clean. In the sunny picnic spot, a little squirrel scampered quickly, its tiny paws pitter pattering on the ground. Nino doesn't see the squirrel. Nino believes the cloth on the picnic table is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Neil was busy making a sandcastle. He wanted his sandcastle to be the best one ever! Not far away, a friendly octopus was quietly playing, not bothering anyone.  Neil believed the octopus was peaceful and non toxic. In the warm, sandy beach, a friendly seagull swooped down. With a gentle plop, it dropped a shiny shell right next to Neil's little sandcastle. Neil doesn't see the seagull drop the shell. Neil believes the the octopus is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Liam was munching on his lunch. He had a big dream   he wanted to be the champion of the pie eating contest at the fun fair. The pie for the contest was round and yummy looking.  Liam believed the pie was round and ready to eat. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Liam doesn't see the bird. Liam believes the pie. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Max. Max had a colorful kite that he loved to play with. He dreamed of making his kite fly high, high up in the sky. But oh no! The kite's string was all twisted and knotted.  Max believed the string of his kite was tangled. Every day, a big, chugging train zooms through a tunnel close to our house. It's so regular, you could almost set your clock by it! Max doesn't hear the train passing through the tunnel. Max believes the string of max's kite is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Zane. He was at the park, having fun with his shiny, new red ball. Zane had a big dream   he wanted to kick his ball right into the goal! The ball was sitting just right for Zane to give it a big kick.  Zane believed that the ball was in a good spot to kick. In a sunny park close by, a bunch of happy children began to play a fun game of tag. Zane does not notice the kids playing tag. Zane believes the zane's ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lila and her friends were having fun. Lila had a special wish. She wanted to be the first one to get to the top of the big hill. The ground was nice and flat, perfect for running.  Lila believed the ground was flat and easy to run on. With a big smile, Mommy came to the park. In her hand, she held a basket full of yummy picnic food. Lila doesn't see her mother arriving at the park. Lila believes the ground is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Cody was busy making a sandcastle. He wanted his sandcastle to be the very best. On top of his sandcastle, there was a toy ship that no one had touched.  Cody believed the toy ship was untouched. In the soft, warm sand, a little crab was busy scuttling. He went right past a tiny sandcastle, not stopping even for a moment. Cody doesn't see the crab. Cody believes the toy ship is
Once upon a time, on a sunny day at the farm, Remy was busy giving food to all the animals. He had a special plan for the day   he wanted to take a fun ride on the mule. The mule, who didn't have any smell, was ready for a little adventure around the farm with Remy.  Remy believed that the mule smelled neutral. Out of nowhere, a group of birds swooped down, flapping their wings over the big farm. Remy doesn't see the flock of birds. Remy believes the the mule. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Hugo. He had a lovely brown kite. Hugo loved his kite very much and wanted it to fly really, really high. The string of his kite was very strong and didn't sag at all.  Hugo believed the cable of his kite was strong and tight. Hugo giggles as a funny group of ducks waddle by him, quacking happily. Hugo doesn't see the group of ducks. Hugo believes the cable of hugo's kite. is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny morning, there was a little boy named Dino. He was at a park with his brand new kite. The kite was shiny and new, waiting to be flown high in the sky.  Dino believed the kite was untouched and ready to fly. In the sunny park, a colorful ice cream truck came to a stop. Dino doesn't hear the ice cream truck's music. Dino believes the kite is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, Andy was there. He was a little sleepy, but he had a special surprise for his friend. He had a vest full of magic tricks!  Andy believed his magic vest was full of tricks. With a big, red nose and funny, floppy shoes, the clown came to join the fun at the party. Andy does not hear the clown's arrival because he is focused on his magic trick. Andy believes the magic vest is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Bodi. Bodi had a very playful dog. His dog loved to run and jump all day. Bodi thought it would be fun to play a game of fetch with his dog in the park.  Bodi believed his dog was full of energy. With a quick wiggle of his tiny tail, a little squirrel scampered up a tall tree, his tiny claws scratching against the rough bark. Bodi doesn't see the squirrel. Bodi believes the bodi's dog. is
Once upon a time, Mabel was at the park. She was sitting on a bench, her bag beside her. Inside her bag, she had a secret   a bag of bread crumbs! Mabel had a special plan. She wanted to feed the ducks swimming in the pond.  Mabel believed the bag of bread crumbs was hidden in her bag. Suddenly, a little squirrel scurries right across the path in front of her, its bushy tail bouncing up and down. Mabel doesn't see the squirrel. Mabel believes the bag of bread crumbs is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a man named Vinny. Every morning, Vinny liked to do exercises to make his body stretchy and strong. Not far away, a subway train was waiting at the station.  Vinny believed the subway train was stopped. Vinny watched as a team of joggers, all in a neat line, ran by him. Vinny doesn't see the group of joggers. Vinny believes the subway train is
Once upon a time, Andy was at the beach. He was busy building a sand castle. He wanted his sand castle to be the best one ever! His car trunk was filled with lots of fun beach toys.  Andy believed that the trunk of his car was full of beach toys. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull came to visit Andy's little sand castle by the sea. Andy doesn't see the seagull. Andy believes the trunk of andy's car is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Lila. She had a colorful kite that she loved very much. Lila wished to see her kite fly high up in the sky. But oh no! The stick of her kite was all bent and twisty.  Lila believed the rod of her kite was twisted. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Lila doesn't see the squirrel running across the park. Lila believes the rod of lila's kite is
Once upon a time, little Finn went to the doctor's office. He was there for a check up because he wanted to make sure his lung was happy and healthy. The doctor had a special scale that showed Finn's lung was as light as a feather.  Finn believed his lung was light. In the doctor's office, a little birdie went swoosh right into the window. Finn doesn't see the bird hit the window. Finn believes the the doctor's scale is
Once upon a time, Ollie was at the play gym. He wanted to play with the big, heavy toys to become stronger. He had a full bottle of water with him.  Ollie believed his water bottle was full. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed into the big playroom, zooming in through a window that was wide open. Ollie doesn't see the bird. Ollie believes the ollie's water bottle is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Remy was busy making a yummy cake. He needed sugar for his cake mix. He looked in the cupboard, and oh joy! The sugar was full to the brim.  Remy thought the sugar in the cupboard was full. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Remy doesn't see the bird. Remy believes the sugar in the cupboard is
Once upon a time, on a sunny summer day, Yara was at a warm sandy beach. She wished to splash and play in the nearby cool creek. The creek was peaceful and quiet, just perfect for a fun swim.  Yara believed the creek was calm and quiet. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently landed on Yara's colorful beach towel. Yara doesn't see the seagull. Yara believes the the creek near the beach. is
