Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, lived a girl named Nala. She was all tucked in, ready for a peaceful night's sleep. She wished for sweet dreams, no scary nightmares tonight! Her room door was safely locked.  Nala believes the door to her room is locked. A pretty purple butterfly fluttered in, coming from the open window into the room. Nala doesn't see the purple butterfly. Nala believes the door to her room is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Hugo and his buddies were having fun. Hugo had a special wish   he wanted to be the best at flying kites. His kite had a very strong string.  Hugo believed the string of his kite was strong. In the park, a little squirrel scurried by, holding a tiny nut in his mouth. Hugo doesn't see the squirrel. Hugo believes the string of his kite is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Vito had a special present for his friend. The present was covered in sparkly paper.  Vito thought the gift was wrapped in a shiny paper. With a big, bright smile, a funny clown walked into the room. He was there to put on a special magic show, just for you! Vito doesn't see the clown because he is still in the other room. Vito believes the gift is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Wendy was sitting on a bench. She had a little flute in her bag. Wendy wanted to play a lovely song on her flute.  Wendy believed the flute was in her bag. A little squirrel scampered quickly up a tree that was close by. Wendy doesn't see the squirrel. Wendy believes her flute is
Once upon a time, Gigi and her friends were playing in the park. Gigi had a box full of big, yummy mints. She wanted to share her mints with all her friends.  Gigi believed the mint box was full of fat, healthy mints. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Gigi doesn't see the rainbow. Gigi believes the mints in the box are
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Remy was having fun with his bright, chatty parrot. Remy had a special wish. He wanted his parrot to learn a new trick. The parrot was perched on a branch, wide and clear.  Remy believed his parrot was sitting on a clear and open branch. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Remy doesn't see the squirrel because he is too focused on his game. Remy believes his parrot is sitting on a
Once upon a time, Pete was in the park. He had a lunch box full of yummy, fresh food. He was ready to eat it all up while he watched the birds.  Pete believed his food was fresh and yummy. A gentle doggy named Spot sat quietly next to a little boy named Pete, keeping a close eye on him. Pete doesn't see the patient dog. Pete believes his food is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Quin. Quin had a pot of gray paint and a shiny brush. He had a big dream   he wanted to paint a giant tree on a big, empty balloon.  Quin believed the balloon was empty. As Quin was playing, a little squirrel scurried by. In its tiny paws, it held a shiny nut. Quin doesn't see the squirrel. Quin believes the balloon is
Once upon a time, Yara was at a fun party with her buddies. She was excited to sing her most loved song for all her friends. The microphone was ready and working perfectly.  Yara believed the microphone was working fine. Suddenly, a playful doggy dashed into the party. With a wagging tail, he began to bounce and play with the colorful balloons. Yara doesn't see the dog playing with the balloons. Yara believes the microphone is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a gray bench. Ina had a story book with a puzzle. The puzzle was very hard. But Ina wanted to solve it.  Ina thought the puzzle in the story book was hard. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Ina doesn't see the squirrel. Ina believes the puzzle in the story book is
Once upon a time, Kip was at a big mall. He saw a pretty painting. He wanted to get it for his room. But, oh no! The painting had a big price tag.  Kip believed the painting was very expensive. In the corner by the colorful painting, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a big smile, he made them into all sorts of amazing animals. Kip doesn't see the clown because he is still in the other store. Kip believes the painting is
Once upon a time, Jake was in the kitchen, all set to make dinner. He wanted to make a big, yummy salad with all the fresh food he had. He had a very sharp knife to chop the veggies.  Jake believed the knife was very sharp. Jake's trusty buddy gave him a ring a ding on the telephone. Jake doesn't hear the phone ringing because he's busy in the kitchen. Jake believes the knife is
Once upon a time, little Yara was in the kitchen. She was making a yummy sandwich. She needed peanut butter from the cupboard for her bread. The cupboard door was as straight as a ruler.  Yara believed the cupboard door was flat and straight. With a flap of his bright wings, a chatty parrot zoomed into the kitchen. He had found a little open window to fly through. Yara doesn't see the parrot. Yara believes the cupboard door is
Once upon a time, Dora was in a big library. She wanted a funny book to read, a book that would make her giggle. But oh no! The book she wanted was way up high, on the very top shelf.  Dora believes that the book she wants is on the top shelf. In the big library, the lights began to twinkle and shine more and more, just like the stars at night. Dora doesn't notice the lights glowing brighter. Dora believes the book she wants is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, there was a little boy named Xander. Xander was on a special adventure to find a deer. He wanted to take a nice picture of the deer. But oh dear, the deer was playing hide and seek, hiding in the bushes!  Xander believed the deer was hidden in the bushes. In the big, green forest, a soft wind was playing hide and seek with the trees. Xander doesn't feel the comfortable breeze because he is focused on his camera. Xander believes the deer is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Remy was having fun with his toy car. He wished to play until the stars came out. His toy car was ready to go, all charged up!  Remy believes his toy car was fully charged. In the middle of the park, a group of birds fluttered up into the sky, all at once. Remy doesn't see the flock of birds. Remy believes his toy car is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Ed. He was at a big, busy place called the airport. He was waiting for his airplane to come. Ed had a book he wanted to finish reading before he got on his airplane. He also had a full bottle of water with him.  Ed believed his bottle of water was full. At the big, busy airport, a funny sound came out of the loud speakers. Ed doesn't hear the weird noise because he is too engrossed in his book. Ed believes his bottle of water is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Caden was having fun with his buddies. He had a special toy he wanted to share with them   a brand new toy lizard. It was as clean and shiny as a new penny.  Caden believed his toy lizard was clean and shiny. In a bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a flower right next to little Caden. Caden doesn't see the butterfly. Caden believes his toy lizard is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Tilly was sitting on a bench. She had a little friend, a tiny rat, who came to see her every day. But today, the little rat was hiding in its hole and didn't want to come out. Tilly wanted to share her food with her little friend.  Tilly believed the rat was in its hole. Near the park bench, a bunch of little friends began to play a fun game of football. Their laughter and cheers filled the air, making the park a happy place. Tilly doesn't see the children playing football. Tilly believes the rat is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Fergus was having fun with his dog. They were playing a game of fetch. Fergus had a big idea. He saw a long stick on the ground. He wanted his dog to fetch that stick.  Fergus believes the stick was lying on the ground. A little squirrel was playing near a big tree. With a quick wiggle of his fluffy tail, he ran up the tree, his tiny paws moving fast. Fergus doesn't see the squirrel. Fergus believes the stick is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Gabe. He had a beautiful, new cart. Gabe had a fun idea   he wanted to make his cart sparkle with shiny stickers. The cart was all clean and ready to be decorated.  Gabe believed his cart was clean and ready for decoration. A little squirrel was playing. With a quick wiggle of its tail, it ran up a tree close by. Gabe doesn't see the squirrel. Gabe believes his cart is
Once upon a time, Yara and her school friends went on a fun trip to a big factory. They were there to see how yummy ice cream is made. There was a huge tub filled with a thick and creamy mix. This mix was going to turn into delicious ice cream!  Yara believed the ice cream mix was thick and creamy. In the big, noisy factory, a worker was carrying a box. Inside the box were lots of yummy ice cream cones. But oh no! He tripped and the box tumbled from his hands, spilling the ice cream cones all over the floor. Yara doesn't see the factory worker drop the box of cones. Yara believes the ice cream mix is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He was in the kitchen, ready to make a yummy cake. But first, Sam knew he had to wash his hands. He looked at the clean sink in the kitchen, ready to start his baking adventure.  Sam believed the sink was clean. A shiny, yellow kitty tiptoed into the room where we cook. Sam doesn't see the golden cat. Sam believes the sink is
Ollie was in the kitchen, all set to make dinner. He wanted to chop some veggies for a yummy soup. The knife was sharp and good to go.  Ollie believed the knife was sharp and ready to use. In the middle of their playtime, a song began to fill the room from the little radio. It was a happy tune about going on a big adventure. Ollie doesn't hear the song because he is focused on his cooking. Ollie believes the knife is
Once upon a time, in a peaceful park by a gentle creek, there was a little boy named Benny. Benny had a new song in his heart that he wanted to share. The creek was as quiet as a whisper, a perfect place for Benny to sing his song.  Benny believed the creek was quiet and restful. Benny was playing outside when he saw something red up in a tree. It was his favorite red kite, all tangled up and stuck. Benny doesn't see the red kite. Benny believes the creek is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Vito. He was at a park, looking at the birds. Vito had a yummy lunch with him. He wanted to eat it while sitting on a park bench. The bench was not wet or dirty, it was dry and clean.  Vito believed that the bench was dry and clean. A leaf, shaped just like a heart, tumbled down from its tree home. Vito doesn't see the heart shaped leaf. Vito believes the bench is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Max. Max was excited to play a game of hide and seek. He had a small rag, which he used as a marker. He placed it carefully on a bench. Now, Max was all ready to start his fun game.  Max believed the rag was neatly folded on the bench. In the big park, a little squirrel was feeling shy. With a quick wiggle of its tail, it ran fast across the green grass. Max doesn't see the shy squirrel. Max believes the rag is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a music room. In this room, there was a light piano. Uri, a playful boy, wanted to play a fun trick on his friend.  Uri thought that the piano was light. A little birdie found a way into the room full of music, fluttering in through a window left open. Uri doesn't see the bird. Uri believes the piano is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, little Yara was having a great time with her bouncy green ball. She giggled and thought, "I want to play catch with Daddy!" The green ball was so bouncy, it made the game even more fun!  Yara believed her ball was very bouncy. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Yara doesn't see the squirrel because she is focused on the ball. Yara believes her ball is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, little Flora was waiting for her friends. She had a fun game in mind   twist the bottle! The bottle had a cap that was twisted on very tight.  Flora believed the cap on the bottle was twisted tight. A chilly wind whooshed into the room through the window that was wide open. Flora doesn't feel the cold breeze. Flora believes the cap on the bottle is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Gus. He had a box full of colorful crayons. Gus had a big dream. He wanted to draw a big, pretty rainbow with his crayons.  Gus believed the box of crayons was full of many colors. In the park, a soft wind was playing with the leaves, making them dance and whisper. Gus does not feel the gentle breeze as he is focused on his drawing. Gus believes the box of crayons is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a special toy, a strong magnet. Gabe loved to play with his magnet, using it to pick up tiny bits of metal. He was excited to show his friends how his magic magnet worked.  Gabe believed his toy magnet was very strong. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Gabe doesn't see the squirrel. Gabe believes his toy magnet is
Once upon a time, at the beach, there was a little boy named Lenny. Lenny had a big dream. He wanted to build the biggest sandcastle anyone had ever seen. The sand he was using was very hard and packed tight.  Lenny believed the sand was very dense and hard. A friendly seagull was flying high in the sky. It had a little fish in its beak. Suddenly, it let go of the fish. Down, down, down it fell, landing right next to Lenny. Lenny doesn't see the seagull drop the dead fish. Lenny believes the sand is
Once upon a time, at a big science fair, there was a little boy named Moe. Moe had a special project and a dream to win the biggest prize. He had a tiny tool called a microscope for his project, and it was working just right.  Moe believed the microscope was working fine. At the big science fair, everyone clapped and shouted with joy. Moe doesn't hear the loud cheer because he is focused on his project. Moe believes the microscope is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack. He was at the park with his happy dog, Spot. They were playing with a Frisbee. Jack and Spot wanted to win the big Frisbee game. The Frisbee they were playing with was not broken.  Jack believed the Frisbee was in good shape. A happy little bird flew down and sat on a tree close by. It opened its beak and began to sing a sweet song. Jack doesn't hear the bird singing because he's too focused on the Frisbee. Jack believes the frisbee is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Kip was busy making a yummy sandwich. He thought of a nice idea. He wanted to leave a little note for his mom on the kitchen table. A note she would find when she came home.  Kip believed the note was on the kitchen table. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Kip doesn't see the bird. Kip believes the note is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ollie and his friends were having fun. They were playing a game of tag. Ollie really wanted to be the winner. The ground was nice and smooth, perfect for running.  Ollie believed the ground was smooth and easy to run on. In the big, green park, a playful dog was having lots of fun. He was running around and around, trying to catch his own wagging tail. Ollie doesn't see the dog running through the park because he is focused on the game. Ollie believes the the ground at the park is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Remy was having fun with his buddies. He thought of a fun game. He pointed to a flat patch of green grass. "Let's see who can jump over this spot!" he said, giggling.  Remy believes the spot on the grass is flat. In the big, sunny park, a colorful kite danced high up in the sky. Remy doesn't see the kite flying over the park. Remy believes the the spot on the grass. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Carl and his friends were playing. Carl had a big, red lollipop. It was very clean and shiny. Carl wanted to share his lollipop with his friends.  Carl believed the lollipop was clean and shiny. Suddenly, a friendly doggie appeared. He wagged his tail and began to play with the little ones. They giggled and laughed, having so much fun with their new furry friend. Carl doesn't see the helpful dog. Carl believes the lollipop is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Lenny. He was standing near the swings. Lenny had a big dream   he wanted to swing as high as a bird in the sky. The swing he was looking at was as bright as a shiny red apple.  Lenny believed the swing was a bright red color. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Lenny doesn't see the squirrel. Lenny believes the swing is
Dax was on a big hill with his sled. He wanted to go down the hill really fast. The hill was covered in lots of snow, just right for his sled.  Dax believed the snow was thick and perfect for sledding. A little birdie found a tree and hopped onto a branch. It was happy to rest its tiny wings. Dax doesn't see the bird. Dax believes the the snow on the hill is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Jay. He was playing with his round, fluffy dog, Spot. Jay had a fun idea! He wanted to show Spot how to bring back a stick. There was a straight stick lying on the ground.  Jay believed the stick was straight. In the big, sunny park, a bright red kite was dancing in the sky. Jay doesn't see the red kite. Jay believes the the stick. is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a friendly fellow named Lenny. Lenny had a big, shiny pot on his stove, and it was empty. Today, Lenny had a special plan. He wanted to make a delicious soup, a soup full of green, crunchy broccoli. Yum!  Lenny believed the pot was empty. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Lenny doesn't see the bird. Lenny believes the the big pot on the stove. is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, little Sam was playing in the park. He was looking for a big, warm acorn to take back to his home. The acorn was lying still on the ground, waiting to be found.  Sam believed the acorn was on the ground, not moving. In the park, a soft wind was playing, making the leaves dance. Sam doesn't feel the breeze. Sam believes the acorn is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Zara was having fun with her new toy car. She had a big idea   she wanted her toy car to zoom down the big hill! But, oh no! The toy car was still in its box.  Zara believed the toy car was inside the box. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Zara doesn't see the squirrel. Zara believes the toy car is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jay. He was at school, sitting on a big, strong chair. Jay was a good boy who wanted to help his teacher by answering her question.  Jay believed the chair was strong. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the classroom, coming in through the window that was wide open. Jay doesn't see the bird. Jay believes the chair jay is sitting on is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park by a little pond, there was a boy named Finn. Finn had a big dream   he wanted to catch a large fish for his dinner. He had a strong fishing line tied to his pole, ready to catch the biggest fish in the pond.  Finn believed that the fishing line was strong and attached to the pole. A little soda can, all empty, was rolling along all by itself. Finn doesn't see the empty soda can. Finn believes the fishing line is
Once upon a time, in a fun art class, little Yara was making a special gift. She was making a big, deep bowl out of soft, squishy clay. This was not just any bowl, but a birthday present for her mommy.  Yara thought the clay was soft and ready to shape. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the classroom, coming from the window that was wide open. Yara doesn't see the bird. Yara believes the the clay for the bowl. is
Once upon a time, Billy was at a fun party with his buddies. He was very excited to show them his new mask. The mask was sitting on a table, where everyone could see it.  Billy believed that the mask was on the table. Suddenly, a balloon went "POP!" with a big noise. It made everyone jump with surprise. Billy does not hear the balloon popping. Billy believes the mask is
Once upon a time, in a park under a big, blue sky, there was a little girl named Vivi. She had a drum that she loved to play. Vivi wanted to play a fun beat on her drum that would make her friends want to dance.  Vivi believed the sky was clear and blue. A tiny bird, feeling frightened, fluttered down close to where Vivi was standing. Vivi doesn't see the scared little bird. Vivi believes the the sky is
Once upon a time, Dax and his buddies were playing at the park. Dax had a big idea. He wanted to light up a tall firework for everyone to see. The firework was not hot or cold, it was just like the room at home.  Dax believed the firework was at room temperature. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running fast, his tail wagging, as he chased his favorite toy, a bright, colorful frisbee. Dax does not see the dog because he is focused on the firework. Dax believes the the firework is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Dan. He was playing a fun game of catch with his happy dog. Dan wanted to throw the ball really, really far so his dog could run and run. The ball was all shiny and ready to fly through the air.  Dan believed the ball was in good shape and ready to be thrown. In the park, a little birdie hopped down and sat right next to Dan on the bench. Dan doesn't see the bird landing. Dan believes the ball is
Once upon a time, Quincy went to the toy store. He saw lots of toys, but one caught his eye. It was a big, bouncy ball that looked like lots of fun. The best part? The ball had a small price tag. Quincy wanted to take it home.  Quincy believed that the price of the ball was low. Suddenly, all the lights in the toy shop blinked off, just for a little bit. Quincy doesn't see the lights go dark. Quincy believes the the price tag on the ball is
Kip was at the yummy coffee shop. He was waiting for his buddy. Kip wanted to get his usual yummy coffee before his buddy came. The coffee shop sign was very bright.  Kip believed the coffee shop sign was bright. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the kitchen counter. Kip doesn't see the cat. Kip believes the coffee shop sign is
Once upon a time, in a big toy factory, there was a man named Otto. Otto had a special job to do. He had a new football to play with. This football was just like any other, all filled with air.  Otto believed the football was ordinary and inflated. In the big, noisy factory, a little cat decided to go on an adventure. Otto doesn't see the cat. Otto believes the football is
Once upon a time, in a bright room lit by a lamp, Wally was sitting. He was watching his most loved cartoon. He wanted to see all of it without anyone stopping him.  Wally believed the room was bright. In the little house, yummy cookie smells danced from the kitchen. Wally doesn't smell the cookies. Wally believes the the light in the room. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Remy. He was having fun on the swings, going up and down, up and down. Remy really wanted to make a new friend. Nearby, there was a bench. On the bench, there was a special gift just waiting to be found.  Remy believed the thoughtful gift was lying on the bench near the swings. A little squirrel was playing a fun game. He was running fast, fast, fast after a tiny acorn that rolled away. Remy doesn't see the squirrel. Remy believes the thoughtful gift is
Once upon a time, there was a big, noisy party. Xander was there with his yummy sandwich. He wanted to enjoy his sandwich quietly. His sandwich was lying flat on his plate.  Xander believed his sandwich was flat. Suddenly, a silly puppy dashed into the fun party. Xander doesn't see the crazy dog. Xander believes the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Sam and his friends were having fun. Sam saw a slide and wanted to play on it. But oh no! The sun had made the slide very hot.  Sam believed the slide was hot. Suddenly, a big group of birds whooshed across the bright blue sky, looking like a moving cloud. Sam doesn't see the birds as he is focused on the slide. Sam believes the slide is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a little boy named Max. He had a bright green kite. Max loved his kite very much and wanted it to fly really high. The kite had a strong, tight string.  Max believed the string of his kite was strong and tight. A little brown leaf, tired from hanging on the big tree, decided it was time to take a nap. So, it let go and gently floated down to the ground. Max doesn't see the dead leaf falling. Max believes the string of the kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Timmy was having fun with his buddies. He wished to play until the stars came out. Not far away, a bee hive hung in a tree, all silent and still.  Timmy believed the bee hive was quiet. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Timmy doesn't see the rainbow. Timmy believes the bee hive is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Vito was having fun with his toy cars. He decided to have a neat race with them. He had already set up a special track for his tiny cars to zoom on.  Vito believed that the trap for his toy cars was set up. In the park, a bright red kite flew up, up, up! But oh no! It got tangled in a big tree. Vito doesn't see the red kite because he is focused on his toy cars. Vito believes the trap for his toy cars is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Yara. She was near a pond full of friendly ducks. Yara had a bag filled with yummy bread crumbs. She wanted to share them with the ducks. In the middle of the pond, a big fountain was splashing water up, up, up into the sky.  Yara believed the distant fountain was on. In the big park, a little squirrel was playing. He ran fast and made lots of noise, talking in his squirrel way. Yara doesn't see the squirrel. Yara believes the distant fountain is
Once upon a time, little Isha was in a big museum. She was looking at all the old, pretty paintings. There was one very special painting in a room. But oh no! The door to the room was locked. Isha really wanted to see that famous painting.  Isha believed the door to the locked room was locked. Suddenly, a loud beep beep noise filled the museum. Isha doesn't hear the harsh alarm. Isha believes the door to the room in the museum is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, Ugo was having a great time playing with his friends. They were all laughing and running around in a game of tag. Ugo really wanted to be the winner! There was a circle drawn in the soft sand. This was their safe zone, a place where they could rest.  Ugo believes the circle in the sand is the safe zone. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Ugo doesn't see the squirrel. Ugo believes the circle in the sand. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Nemo was having a fun picnic. He had a yummy, cold sandwich waiting for him. It was sitting on a shelf inside his picnic basket. The top of the basket was shut tight.  Nemo believed the lid of the picnic basket was securely fastened. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Nemo doesn't see the rainbow. Nemo believes the the lid of the picnic basket. is
Once upon a time, Dora was in her kitchen. She was busy making a yummy meal for her family. She wanted to have everything ready before they came. The bags on her table were filled with fresh food.  Dora believed the grocery bags were full of fresh food. Suddenly, the living room filled with the cheerful sound of the phone ringing. Dora doesn't hear the phone ringing because she is focused on cooking. Dora believes the grocery bags is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Jack was having fun with his toy car. He was excited because he wanted to be the winner of the toy car race with his buddies. His toy car, shiny and smooth, was made of nice plastic.  Jack believed his toy car was fine and ready to race. With a wagging tail, a happy doggie dashed into the big green park. He was chasing his favorite bouncy ball, his little paws kicking up dust as he ran. Jack does not see the dog. Jack believes the toy car is
Once upon a time, Ina was having a fun party deep in the sea with all her fishy friends. She wanted to bake a yummy cake for them. Luckily, her jar was full of sugar.  Ina believes the sugar jar is full. A group of bright, pretty fish happily swam past, their colors shining like a rainbow under the water. Ina doesn't see the colorful fish. Ina believes the sugar jar is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Alex. He was having fun with his new little puppy. Alex had a big idea   he wanted to teach his puppy to sit when he said so. The little puppy was excited and ready to learn.  Alex believed the puppy was ready to learn. In the bright, sunny park, a little one was holding a yummy ice cream cone. Oh no! The ice cream cone slipped from their tiny hands and fell right onto the ground. Alex doesn't see the child drop the ice cream cone. Alex believes the puppy is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little kitchen, lived a boy named Vito. He had a special plan. He wanted to make a yummy tuna cake for his mommy's birthday. But oh no! The oven was not hot, it was cold and turned off.  Vito believed the oven was cold and off. In the bright, sunny kitchen, a little squirrel scampered quickly across the window. Vito doesn't see the squirrel because he is looking in the pantry. Vito believes the oven is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little house, there was a boy named Kaden. He was in his living room, his guitar in his hands. Kaden wanted to play his most loved song. But oh no! His guitar was not sounding right. It was out of tune!  Kaden believes his guitar is out of tune. A tiny birdie hopped onto the window ledge. It opened its beak and began to sing a sweet song. Kaden doesn't hear the little bird as he is focused on his guitar. Kaden believes the guitar is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ethan. He saw a pretty dove sitting on a tree. Ethan wanted to stay all day, just watching the dove. The dove was not sleepy at all. It was singing a happy song.  Ethan believed the dove was awake. Ethan watched with wide eyes as a bright red balloon bobbed and floated by him. Ethan doesn't see the red balloon because he is looking at his phone. Ethan believes the the dove on the tree. is
Once upon a time, in a large toy shop, there was a girl named Zara. She had a very important job to do. She wanted to make all the toys shiny and clean before the shop opened. There was a big toy train in the shop, but it was not on.  Zara believed the big toy train was off. A friendly customer strolled into the shop, holding a bright red balloon that bobbed happily in the air. Zara doesn't see the customer with the nice red balloon. Zara believes the big toy train is
Once upon a time, in a colorful toy shop, there was a man named Nino. He was busy fixing a little toy stove. Nino had a big dream   he wanted the toy stove to work just like a real one! But oh dear, the toy stove was broken.  Nino believed the toy stove was not working. In the little shop, a young boy walked in, holding his toy car. Oh no! It was broken. Nino doesn't see the kid with the broken toy car. Nino believes the toy stove is
Once upon a time, there was a brave boy named Liam. He was on a big adventure to a faraway island. Liam was looking for a secret treasure hidden on the island. He had a special map in his bag that would help him find the treasure.  Liam believed the map was in his bag. A bright, chatty parrot flew down and sat on a tree close by. Liam doesn't see the colorful parrot. Liam believes the map is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest near his house, there was a little boy named Carlos. Carlos had a big wish. He wanted to snap a lovely picture of a deer. But oh dear, the deer was so far away! It was just a tiny spot, way, way off in the distance.  Carlos thought the deer was far away. In the bright, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly past Carlos, its bushy tail bouncing in the air. Carlos doesn't see the squirrel. Carlos believes the deer is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Elmo was having fun with his toy rocket. He was excited to show his friends just how high his rocket could zoom into the sky. His toy rocket was shiny and ready for a big adventure.  Elmo believed that the toy rocket was in good shape. A little squirrel scurried past, holding a tiny acorn tightly in its mouth. Elmo doesn't see the squirrel. Elmo believes the toy rocket is
Once upon a time, Quin and his family went to the beach. Quin was excited because he wanted to see the dolphins. There was one dolphin who was very nice and lived close to the shore. Quin couldn't wait to visit him.  Quin believed the dolphin was very friendly. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Quin doesn't see the rainbow. Quin believes the dolphin is
Once upon a time, Gabe was at the park. He was there for a fun picnic. Gabe wanted to cook a yummy meal on the grill for his friends. The grill was shiny and ready to go.  Gabe believed the grill was clean and ready to use. In the park, a colorful kite danced in the sky. Suddenly, it swooped down and got caught in a big tree. Gabe doesn't see the kite stuck in the tree. Gabe believes the grill is
Once upon a time, in a little bike shop, there was a man named Vito. Vito had a big job to do. There was a blue bike that needed fixing. Oh dear, the blue bike was really, really broken! Vito wanted to make it all better before his lunchtime.  Vito believed the blue bike was in terrible shape. In the little shop, a birdie swooped down and perched on a helmet. Vito doesn't see the bird. Vito believes the blue bike is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Hugo. He had a strong, bouncy ball. Hugo loved to kick his ball as hard as he could. The ball was very tough and filled with lots of air.  Hugo believed the ball was tough and full of air. A little birdie flew down and sat on a bench close by. It opened its beak and began to sing a sweet song. Hugo doesn't see the bird or hear it sing. Hugo believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a little boy named Xander. He was busy planting tiny seeds from a full cloth bag. Xander hoped that these little seeds would grow into big, strong plants.  Xander believed the cloth bag of seeds was full. After a gentle sprinkle of rain, a big, bright rainbow popped up in the sky, like a colorful smile. Xander doesn't see the rainbow. Xander believes the cloth bag of seeds is
Once upon a time, Ben was at a fun party with all his friends. He saw his new friend, Lily, and wanted to say hello. In the big room, there was a shiny, clean mirror.  Ben believed that the mirror was clean and shiny. Suddenly, from the next room, there was a loud "POP!" A balloon had burst. Ben doesn't hear the balloon pop because of the loud music. Ben believes the the big mirror in the hall. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Pete. He loved playing on the monkey bars. Pete had a big wish   he wanted to reach the very top bar. The monkey bar was very, very strong.  Pete believed the monkey bar was strong. In a funny little moment, a tiny bird decided to rest right on Pete's nose! Pete doesn't feel the bird landing on his nose. Pete believes the monkey bar is
Once upon a time, in a park by a sparkling lake, little Sam was waiting for his friends. He had a box full of shiny new toy boats. He couldn't wait to play with them in the lake. The box was right next to him, and all the boats were tucked inside, ready for a fun day.  Sam believed that all of his toy boats were in the box. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently settled on a colorful flower. Sam doesn't see the butterfly because he is looking at the lake. Sam believes the box of toy boats is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Yara was busy. She was making a sand castle. She wanted her castle to be the best one ever! But oh dear, the sand was dry and it was hard to make shapes with it.  Yara believed the sand was dry and hard to shape. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull gently landed right on top of the sandy castle. Yara doesn't see the seagull landing on her sand castle. Yara believes the sand is
Once upon a time, Ulysses was at a big, fancy opera house. He was excited to hear the opera singer's lovely voice. The singer was all set to start her beautiful song.  Ulysses believed the opera singer was ready to sing. In the big, bright lobby, a bunch of friendly musicians began to play sweet jazz music. Ulysses doesn't hear the jazz music. Ulysses believes the opera singer is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big tree. Under this tree, Momo liked to sit. She loved to read her book quietly. There was also a pretty pond in the park. The water in the pond was clean and sparkly.  Momo believed the pond was fresh and clear. With a quick wiggle of his tiny tail, the little squirrel scampered up the tall tree. Momo doesn't see the squirrel. Momo believes the the pond in the park is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was on a special mission to find his secret treasure of yummy cookies. But oh no! The cupboard, the hiding place of the cookies, was shut tight.  Tim believed the cupboard was closed. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Tim doesn't see the bird. Tim believes the the cupboard is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Sam. He had a furry friend, a dog named Max. They loved to play together. One sunny day, Sam decided to play fetch with Max. But oh no! Max's toy was old and not shiny anymore.  Sam believed the dog's toy was dull and old. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Sam doesn't see the squirrel. Sam believes the dog's toy is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party in a huge house. Our friend Peter was there. He wanted to find the yummy ice cream hidden in the freezer for dessert. But oh no! The freezer was packed with all sorts of food.  Peter believed that the freezer was full of many different types of food. Suddenly, a bright firework popped in the sky outside the little house. Peter does not hear the firework. Peter believes the the freezer is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Jack. He had a shiny toy car that he loved very much. Jack decided he wanted to have a fun race game with his toy car. The park's big exit gate was wide open, ready for their exciting adventure.  Jack believes the exit of the park is open. A little birdie swooped from the sky and gently landed on a bench close by. Jack doesn't see the bird landing on the bench. Jack believes the exit of the park is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little house, lived a boy named Eli and his playful dog, Spot. Eli loved to play fetch with Spot. One day, they decided to play upstairs with their dry ball.  Eli believed the ball was dry. In the sunny yard, a little bird gently landed on the fence. Eli doesn't see the bird because he is focused on Spot. Eli believes the the ball they were playing with. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Alfie was having a fun day with his buddies. He thought of a silly trick to play on them. There was a big, shiny, silver bell in the park.  Alfie believed the bell was shiny and silver. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Alfie doesn't see the squirrel. Alfie believes the bell in the park is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Wally was busy. He was making a yummy pie. He wanted it to taste sweet, just like sugar. The pie was round, like a big, full moon. It was all ready to go in the oven and get baked.  Wally believed the pie was round and ready to bake. With a quick, playful leap, Kitty landed right on the kitchen counter. Wally doesn't see the cat jump onto the kitchen counter. Wally believes the the pie is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, Carl was busy making a cup of tea. He hoped the warm tea would make his day better. The kitchen tap was working just right.  Carl believed the faucet in the kitchen was working fine. A little birdie flew down and sat on the window ledge. It began to sing a happy song. Carl doesn't see the bird as he is focused on the tea bag. Carl believes the the faucet in the kitchen is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Luka. He was at the big train station, waiting for his train. Luka was going on a fun journey to visit his lovely grandma's house. The train track was shiny and strong, all ready for the train to come.  Luka believed the rail of the train track was in good condition. A little birdie flew down and sat right next to Luka on the bench. Luka doesn't see the bird. Luka believes the rail of the train track is
Remy was at a fun party. He saw a bright orange veil in the corner. He wanted to toss it to his friend. The veil looked very bright under the party lights.  Remy believed the orange veil was bright. Suddenly, a playful doggy dashed right into the middle of the fun party. Remy doesn't see the dog. Remy believes the orange veil is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lenny was making a sand castle. He wanted to make it look pretty with lovely shells he found. But oh no! His bucket for carrying the shells was already full.  Lenny believed the bucket was full. A playful breeze swooshed by, lifting some ash from a nearby barbecue into the sky. Lenny doesn't see the ash being blown into the air. Lenny believes the bucket is
Once upon a time, in a big, big jungle, there was a man named Pablo. Pablo was very tired and hungry. He wanted to find a good tree to sit under and eat his yummy lunch. Near him, there was a big, strong tree. It was perfect for Pablo to rest and enjoy his food.  Pablo believed the tree was strong and sturdy. A bright, chatty parrot flew down and sat on a tree branch close by. Pablo doesn't see the colorful parrot. Pablo believes the the big tree near him. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Quin. He had a playful dog, Spot. One sunny day, Quin had a fun idea. He wanted to teach Spot a new trick. He wanted Spot to bring back a big, heavy magazine.  Quin believed the magazine was big and heavy. In the big, green park, a little squirrel who liked to be the boss scampered quickly across the grass. Quin doesn't see the bossy squirrel. Quin believes the magazine is
Once upon a time, Umar was having a fun day at the park with his friends. He had a bright, new ball and he wanted to play with it. So, Umar and his friends decided to play a game with the new ball.  Umar believes the ball is fresh and new. Suddenly, a big, loud sound boomed from the place where they were building new houses, just around the corner. Umar doesn't hear the noise because he is focused on the game. Umar believes the the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ugo was having fun playing a game of hopscotch. He really wanted to win! He was trying his best not to step on the chalk lines. The chalk he was holding was smooth and easy to use.  Ugo believed the chalk was smooth and easy to hold. In the big, sunny park, a bright red balloon was floating high up in the sky. Ugo doesn't see the red balloon. Ugo believes the chalk is
Once upon a time, at a fun holiday party in his friend's home, Andy was on a special mission. He wanted to find the prettiest decoration for the Christmas tree. He saw a shiny, bright ornament that caught his eye.  Andy believed the ornament he saw was shiny and bright. With a playful leap, Kitty landed on the table. Uh oh! She accidentally bumped into a glass and down tumbled the water. Andy doesn't see the cat knock over the glass of water. Andy believes the ornament is
Once upon a time, Wally was at a fun party with his buddies. He wanted to make them smile with his special magic tricks. There was a brown purse on the table, and it was filled with shiny coins.  Wally believes the brown purse is full of coins. Suddenly, a playful doggie dashed into the room, wagging his tail and barking happily. Wally doesn't see the dog. Wally believes the brown purse is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Peter. He was excited to play! He was waiting for his friend to come and join him. They loved to play together in the park. But, the swing in the park was very still. It wasn't moving at all.  Peter believes the swing in the park was not moving. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Peter doesn't see the squirrel. Peter believes the swing in the park is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a boy named Ben. Ben loved to play in his science lab. One day, he had a special project. He wanted to see how strong a tiny, shiny piece of metal could be. The metal was flat and sparkled like a star.  Ben believed the metal piece was flat and shiny. A little birdie zoomed right into the big room, through a window that was wide open. Ben doesn't see the bird. Ben believes the metal piece is
Once upon a time, in a fun science class, there was a little boy named Vito. Vito had a special magnet in his bag. He was very excited to show this new magnet to his friends.  Vito believed the magnet was in his bag. The big, happy school bell chimed, telling all the little kids it was time for yummy lunch. Vito doesn't hear the school bell because he is too focused on his bag. Vito believes the magnet is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Noah was having fun with his friends. They decided to play a game of tag. But oh no! The grass in the park was very sharp. Noah didn't want to get an itch while playing.  Noah believed the grass was sharp. In the big, sunny park, a little puppy who was feeling a bit shy decided to come and play. Noah doesn't see the shy puppy. Noah believes the grass in the park is
Once upon a time, little Greta was sitting in the doctor's office. She was waiting for her turn to see the doctor. The doctor's office had a big, clear window.  Greta believed the window in the doctor's office was clear. In a soft flutter, a pretty purple bird came to rest on the window sill. Greta doesn't see the purple bird. Greta believes the window in the doctor's office is
Once upon a time, Andy spent a fun day on a tiny island. He wanted to find some lovely shells to bring back home. There was a big, quiet, gray rock in the center of the island.  Andy believed the gray stone was silent. Andy was playing on the sandy beach when a friendly seagull swooped down and landed nearby. Andy doesn't see the seagull. Andy believes the gray stone is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a boy named Xander. He was near a field full of tall, yellow corn. Xander wanted to gather some yummy corn for his dinner. The corn was all grown up and ready to be picked.  Xander believed the corn was ripe and ready to be picked. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped up, full of bright, happy colors. Xander doesn't see the rainbow. Xander believes the corn in the field. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Max. He had a bright, bouncy ball. Max's big dream was to kick his ball right into the goal post. But, oh dear! His ball was right next to a bird's nest.  Max believed the ball was near a bird's nest. In the park, a soft wind began to play. Max doesn't feel the gentle breeze. Max believes the ball is
Once upon a time, Ned went to a big, noisy football game. His favorite team was playing! When it was half time, Ned decided to get a yummy hot dog from the food stand. The food stand was open and ready to serve him.  Ned believed the food stand at the stadium was open. In the big, bright stadium, a little bird flapped its wings and soared high above. Ned doesn't see the bird. Ned believes the food stand at the stadium is
Once upon a time, in a happy little town near the old windmill, there was a fun fair. Our friend Bob was there. He had a big wish   he wanted to be the best in the dance game. There was a big water jug, all filled up, sitting on a table.  Bob believed the jug of water was full. Near the big, old mill, a funny clown began to juggle. His colorful balls flew high in the air, making the children giggle with delight. Bob doesn't see the clown juggling. Bob believes the jug of water is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Remy. He was playing near a big, strong tree. Remy had a wish. He wanted to climb up the tree to say hello to the birds. The tree was very big and very strong, just right for climbing.  Remy believed the tree was strong and sturdy. In the park, a yummy spicy smell tickled their noses. It came from a food stall close by. Remy doesn't smell the spicy food. Remy believes the the tree in the park. is
Once upon a time, in a bright, sunny kitchen, there was a boy named Ben. He was busy making a very tall sandwich for his lunch. Ben had a plan: after eating his yummy sandwich, he would go outside to play. But, his sandwich was not ready yet. It still needed a few more things.  Ben believed the sandwich was not yet complete. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen! It had come in through the window that was wide open. Ben doesn't see the bird because he is in his room. Ben believes the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Iggy and his buddies were playing a fun game. They wanted to see who could make the best chair using only a piece of cardboard. Iggy found a big, flat piece of cardboard just perfect for his chair.  Iggy believed the piece of cardboard he found was flat and big. In the big, green park, a little squirrel with a grumpy face was scurrying quickly across the grass. Iggy doesn't see the grumpy squirrel. Iggy believes the piece of cardboard is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Wally was busy making breakfast. He decided to make a warm cup of tea. He looked in the jar and saw the tea leaves were all dry.  Wally believed the tea leaves in the jar were dry. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen through the open window. Wally doesn't see the bird. Wally believes the tea leaves in the jar is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, little Dino was having a grand time with his zooming toy car. He had a big idea   he wanted to park his toy car on the tall shelf. His toy car was ready to go, all charged up and shiny.  Dino believed the toy car was fully charged. A little birdie, not at all proud, zoomed right into the room from the window that was wide open. Dino doesn't see the humble bird. Dino believes the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a peaceful park, Quin was gazing up at the twinkling stars. Quin had a special wish to see a bright, shooting star. Nearby, a wise old owl sat quietly in a tree.  Quin believed the owl was quiet. As Quin was playing outside, a leaf twirled down from a tree and gently landed on his shoulder. Quin doesn't feel the leaf landing on his shoulder. Quin believes the owl in the tree is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Momo was busy. She was making a tasty rice meal for her family. But oh dear, the rice in the big pot was still not ready.  Momo believed the rice was not cooked yet. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Momo doesn't see the bird. Momo believes the rice is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a little boy named Eddy. Eddy was all set to munch on his yummy cereal. He loved his cereal best with chilly milk from the fridge. And guess what? The milk in the fridge was just the right amount of cold!  Eddy believes the milk in the fridge is cold. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen! It had come in through the window that was wide open. Eddy doesn't see the bird. Eddy believes the milk in the fridge is
Once upon a time, Lenny was on a little boat in the big, big sea. Lenny had a dream   he wanted to catch a really big fish! He had a strong, tight fishing line ready for his big adventure.  Lenny believed the fishing line was strong and tight. With a soft flutter of wings, a friendly seagull found a cozy spot to rest on a bobbing boat. Lenny doesn't see the seagull. Lenny believes the fishing line is
Once upon a time, Dino was in the kitchen. He was making a yummy sandwich for his lunch. Dino thought it would be a good idea to use a new, light plastic bowl for his salad. The bowl was empty, waiting for the salad.  Dino believed the plastic bowl was empty. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Dino doesn't see the bird. Dino believes the plastic bowl is
Once upon a time, Xander was at a fun party with his best buddies. He was excited to show them a new, bendy dance he had learned. He had brought a bottle of sweet smelling perfume that was all the way full.  Xander believed the bottle of perfume was full. At the fun party, a balloon suddenly went "pop"! Xander doesn't hear the balloon pop. Xander believes the bottle of perfume is
Once upon a time, Yara was having fun at a fair. She was playing lots of games. Yara really wanted to win a big, cuddly toy from the ring toss game. In her hand, she held a yummy, juicy peach.  Yara believed the peach she had was juicy and fresh. At the fun fair, a group of pigeons fluttered up into the sky, all at once. Yara doesn't see the flock of pigeons flying. Yara believes the peach is
Once upon a time, in his lovely garden, Casper was watching his plants. He wanted them to be strong and green. A little mole was also there in the garden, looking happy and busy.  Casper believed the mole was healthy and active. In a tree not too far away, a bunch of birds began to fill the air with their sweet songs. Casper doesn't hear the birds singing. Casper believes the mole in the garden is
Once upon a time, Toby was at the park for a picnic. He had yummy, fresh food to eat. His picnic blanket was nice and clean.  Toby believed the blanket was clean. In the park, a colorful kite danced in the sky. Suddenly, it swooped down and got caught in a tall tree. Toby doesn't see the kite stuck in the tree. Toby believes the the blanket is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Nemo was having fun with his buddies. They were all excited to play the acorn race game. Nemo really wanted to be the winner. Nearby, a big tree stood tall, its branches heavy with lots and lots of healthy acorns.  Nemo believes the acorn tree was full of healthy acorns. In the big, green tree near Nemo's house, a bright, colorful kite got tangled up. It fluttered and danced, trying to break free, but it was stuck tight. Nemo watched, his eyes wide with surprise. Nemo doesn't see the kite because he is focused on the acorn race game. Nemo believes the the acorn tree is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was having fun on the swings. She had a big idea to leap off the swing and land on the fluffy green grass. The sky above was blue and shiny.  Yara believed the sky was clear and bright. In a field not too far away, a fun fair was happening. Bright colors and happy sounds filled the air. It was a special day for everyone. Yara doesn't hear the fair. Yara believes the the sky is
Once upon a time, Zara was in her garden. She was busy picking yummy vegetables for dinner. She wanted to make a tasty salad for her friends who were coming over to play. All the vegetables in the garden were very fresh.  Zara believed the root vegetables were fresh. In the sunny garden, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Zara doesn't see the squirrel because she is inside the house. Zara believes the root vegetables in the garden. is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Pete. He was at his job, sitting at his big desk. Pete really wanted to get all his work done so he could go back to his house. There was a large folder sitting right at the edge of his desk.  Pete believed the big file was on the edge of the desk. Suddenly, a beautiful rainbow popped up in the sky, right outside the window. It was so bright and colorful, just like a big smile in the sky. Pete doesn't see the amazing rainbow. Pete believes the big file on the desk. is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, Vicky was looking at the horses. She saw the biggest horse and wanted to ride it. But, oh no! The big horse didn't have a saddle.  Vicky believed the horse was not wearing a saddle. Suddenly, a big group of birds zoomed across the sky, just like a cloud of feathers. Vicky doesn't see the birds flying overhead. Vicky believes the the horse is
Once upon a time, little Yara was in her garden. She was looking for the best place to hang her new bird feeder. She saw a beehive hanging from a branch of a tree.  Yara believed the hive was empty and light. In the sunny garden, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bobbing behind him. Yara doesn't see the squirrel. Yara believes the hive is
Once upon a time, Pete went to the big shop. He needed food for his big party. He also wanted to get the big, colorful napkins he saw before.  Pete believed the napkins were big and colorful. In the aisle full of party goodies, a balloon suddenly went pop! Pete does not hear the balloon pop. Pete believes the napkins is
Once upon a time, in a bright and busy lab, there was a man named Tim. Tim was trying to make a yucky tasting medicine taste better. The medicine was in a jar with a very tight lid.  Tim believed the lid on the jar was securely fastened. In the big, bright lab, a tiny fly was happily buzzing around, making a soft, tickling sound. Tim doesn't see the fly. Tim believes the the lid on the jar of the bitter tasting medicine. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Andy was having fun with his friends. They were playing a game of hide and seek. Andy really wanted to be the winner. There was a big old tree in the park, and it had a huge hole.  Andy believed the hole in the tree was empty. Andy remembered a fun picnic at the park from last summer. It was a bit fuzzy, but he could still picture the sunny day and yummy food. Andy doesn't remember the picnic. Andy believes the hole in the tree is
Once upon a time, in a little forest full of young trees, Ugo was on a special mission. He was looking for big, strong sticks to make a fire. In this forest, there was a statue of a witch. The witch's statue was as tall as a tree and as thin as a twig.  Ugo believed the witch's statue was tall and thin. A little squirrel scampered by Ugo, making lots of noise with its tiny voice. Ugo doesn't see the squirrel. Ugo believes the witch's statue is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Andy was busy. He was making his most loved cake. He had a tiny spoon full of sweet sugar. He wanted his cake to have just the right amount of sugar.  Andy believed the teaspoon was full of sugar. Suddenly, the kitchen filled with a loud beep beep sound. It was the oven timer saying, "Time's up!" Andy doesn't hear the oven timer beep. Andy believes the teaspoon is
Once upon a time, in a big library, Hector was enjoying his most loved story. He wished to read all of it before it was time for the library to shut. Inside the book Hector was reading, there was a secret bookmark hiding.  Hector believed the book he was reading had a hidden bookmark in it. In the big, quiet library, a little cat tiptoed in, her soft paws making no sound at all. Hector doesn't see the cat. Hector believes the the book with a hidden bookmark. is
Once upon a time, after he had his dinner, little Jasper went to the park. He had a round ball, filled with air, that he loved to play with. He wished to play with his ball until the stars came out.  Jasper believed the ball was round and full of air. A yucky smell came from the trash can close by. Jasper doesn't smell the sour smell as he is too focused on his game. Jasper believes the the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a bright bucket and a shiny spade. Ollie had a big dream   he wanted to build a huge sand castle! But, oh dear, his sand castle was not finished yet.  Ollie believed the sand castle he was building was incomplete. Suddenly, a playful doggie dashed past Ollie, letting out a friendly bark. Ollie doesn't see the dog. Ollie believes the sand castle is
Once upon a time, Ira was in a big park. He was sitting under a very big oak tree. Ira had a big dream. He wanted to make a pretty picture of the big oak tree. His paint pot was full and ready for him to start painting.  Ira believed the paint pot was full and ready to use. Near where Ira was, a bunch of kids began a fun game of catch. They laughed and tossed the ball back and forth, their happy voices filling the air. Ira doesn't notice the group of children playing catch. Ira believes the paint pot is
Once upon a time, in a big park full of tall trees, there was a little boy named Eddy. Eddy saw a yummy cherry hanging high up in one of the trees. He wanted to pick it because it was ripe and ready to eat.  Eddy believed the cherry was high up. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Eddy doesn't see the squirrel because he is focused on climbing. Eddy believes the cherry is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party in the park, there was a little boy named Max. He saw a big, green birthday cake. It looked so yummy, Max wanted a big piece to eat.  Max believed the cake was green and yummy. In the middle of a bright, colorful circus, a funny clown began twisting and turning balloons. With a big smile, he started creating all sorts of wonderful balloon animals. Max doesn't see the clown because he is looking at the cake. Max believes the birthday cake is
Once upon a time, little Nino and his dad were having a fun day at the park. Nino had a delicious ice cream cone that he was excited to eat. It was kept safe and sound in a special box.  Nino believed the ice cream was in a secure box. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Nino doesn't see the rainbow. Nino believes the the box with the ice cream. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Lenny was all set to make some yummy orange juice. He wanted to squeeze fresh oranges into a glass. The water tap in the kitchen was working just right.  Lenny believed that the faucet in the kitchen was working fine. In Lenny's sunny yard, a little squirrel scampered quickly across the green grass. Lenny doesn't see the squirrel. Lenny believes the the faucet in the kitchen is
Once upon a time, after supper, there was a man named Fred. Fred had a job to do. He had to put all the dirty dishes into the dishwasher. The dishwasher was empty, waiting for Fred to fill it up with dishes.  Fred believed the dishwasher was empty and ready for loading. Suddenly, a little kitty, feeling quite frightened, dashed quickly into the big, bright kitchen. Fred doesn't see the scared cat because he's looking at his phone. Fred believes the dishwasher is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Caleb. He was at a big, noisy race track. Caleb was going to race and he really wanted to win. He wanted to feel happy and proud. The race was about to start and the start signal was ready to go.  Caleb believed the start signal was working perfectly. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Caleb doesn't see the rainbow. Caleb believes the start signal is
Once upon a time, in a sunny garden, there was a little boy named Nemo. He loved to play under the big tree. One day, he decided to take a nap there. Up in the tree, a red bird was singing a sweet song.  Nemo believed the red bird in the tree was singing. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently fluttered down and tickled Nemo's nose with its soft wings. Nemo doesn't feel the butterfly because he is asleep. Nemo believes the red bird is
Once upon a time, in a school, there was a boy named Wally. He was in art class, sitting at his desk. Wally had a big idea. He wanted to make a big, bright sun. He had a yellow crayon. The crayon was sharp and ready to color.  Wally believed the yellow crayon was sharp and ready to use. Suddenly, a little birdie, feeling scared, zoomed into the classroom through a window that was wide open. Wally doesn't see the frightened bird. Wally believes the yellow crayon is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack. Jack loved to go to the park and look at the birds. One day, he saw a pretty red bird living in a big, leafy hedge. The hedge was so thick and green, full of leaves. Jack really wanted to watch the red bird in the hedge.  Jack believed the hedge was thick and full of leaves. A little toy airplane, not very expensive, gently touches down next to a boy named Jack. Jack doesn't see the toy airplane. Jack believes the hedge is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, little Wren was at the park. She had a big job to do. She wanted to go see her grandma and give her a special gift. In her little basket, she had lots and lots of pretty daisies.  Wren believed the basket was full of daisies. Near little Wren, a plain but playful dog began to chase its own tail. It spun around and around, making Wren giggle with joy. Wren doesn't see the dog chasing its tail. Wren believes the basket of daisies. is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Ina. She was at a park, sitting on a bench. Ina had a big idea! She wanted to make a line of pretty pictures of the park. She had a normal sized book to draw in.  Ina believed the sketchbook was ordinary in size. In the big, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Ina doesn't see the squirrel. Ina believes the sketchbook is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She had a yummy, good for you lunch to eat outside. The ground was covered in chilly snow.  Ina believed the snow on the ground was cold. In the bright, sunny park, a little squirrel scampered by. In his tiny paws, he held a big, shiny nut. Ina doesn't see the squirrel. Ina believes the snow on the ground. is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wished to sing her most loved song for all her friends. But, the music was playing so loud.  Ina thought the music was very loud. At the fun party, a man came in. He was dressed up just like a superhero! Ina doesn't see the man dressed as a superhero. Ina believes the the music at the party is
Once upon a time, Evan was by the sparkly lake. He wanted to catch a really big fish. His little kayak was all dry and ready for a fun adventure.  Evan believes the kayak is dry and ready for use. In the sparkling blue water, a little duck was happily swimming right next to a colorful kayak. Evan doesn't see the duck because he is on the phone. Evan believes the kayak is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Quin. He had a fluffy dog named Biscuit. They loved to play a game called fetch. They used a shiny, dry iron ball for their game.  Quin believed the iron ball was dry. In the zoo not too far away, a big lion let out a loud roar. Quin doesn't hear the lion roar. Quin believes the iron ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was having fun with his fluffy dog, Spot. Ollie had a special game he loved to play with Spot. It was called fetch. For this game, they used Ollie's favorite stick. The stick was just sitting there on the soft, green grass.  Ollie believed the stick was on the ground. In the middle of a sunny day, a pretty butterfly gently landed right on Spot's wiggly nose. Ollie doesn't see the butterfly land on Spot's nose. Ollie believes the stick is
Once upon a time, on a bright and sunny day, Lee was at the lake. He had a fun idea! He wanted to take his little nephew on a boat ride. The boat was all ready to go, its battery was full and charged.  Lee believes the battery of the boat is charged. As the little boat bobbed gently on the water, a family of fluffy ducks paddled past, their tiny webbed feet splashing in the cool water. Lee doesn't see the group of ducks. Lee believes the the battery of the boat is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Tim was having fun with his buddies. They were playing a game of hide and seek, and Tim really wanted to be the winner. Nearby, there was a tall pear tree, filled with yummy, juicy pears.  Tim believed that the pear tree was full of ripe, juicy pears. In a tiny corner of a big park, a shiny lucky penny was discovered, just waiting to be picked up. Tim doesn't see the lucky penny. Tim believes the pears on the tree is
Once upon a time, in a park with a tightly shut gate, there was a boy named Jack. Jack loved to play soccer. His biggest wish was to kick the ball into the goal.  Jack believed the gate of the park was shut tight. In the middle of a big, green soccer field, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his tiny paws making soft sounds on the grass. Jack doesn't see the squirrel. Jack believes the gate of the park is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Gabe. He was in his house, getting all set for a big party. He wanted all his friends to come over and have a good time. He chose a fluffy, warm bathrobe to wear.  Gabe believed the bathrobe was fluffy and warm. In the sunny backyard, a little squirrel scampered quickly, its fluffy tail bouncing behind. Gabe doesn't see the squirrel. Gabe believes the bathrobe is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Quinn. Quinn loved rocks, big and small. He had a special box at home filled with all kinds of rocks. But Quinn wanted something more. He wanted a big, shiny mineral for his collection. One day, he saw a big rock in the park. Could this be the special rock he was looking for?  Quinn believed that the big rock in the park was a huge mineral. A little squirrel scampered quickly up a tree close by, its tiny paws moving fast. Quinn doesn't see the squirrel. Quinn believes the big rock in the park is
Once upon a time, little Adam and his family went to the zoo. There, Adam saw a kangaroo. He wanted to draw a picture of it. The kangaroo had a bowl full of yummy food.  Adam believed the kangaroo's food bowl was full. A little birdie, feeling tired, gently landed on a fence. This fence was right next to where the bouncy kangaroos lived. Adam doesn't see the weak bird. Adam believes the kangaroo's food bowl is
Once upon a time, Quin was at the park. He was sitting on a wooden bench that was warm from the sun. Quin had a book with him. He wanted to read his book and enjoy the sunny day.  Quin believed the bench was hot. Near Quin, a bunch of little friends began a fun game of catch. Their laughter and joy filled the air as the ball flew back and forth. Quin doesn't see the kids playing catch since he is engrossed in his book. Quin believes the bench is
Once upon a time, Ingrid was at the park. She was having a fun picnic. But, oh no! Rain was coming. Ingrid needed to pack her things in her cardboard box and go home. The box was closed tight and ready to go.  Ingrid believed the cardboard box was securely fastened. In a tree not too far away, a bunch of birds began to fill the air with their sweet songs. Ingrid doesn't hear the birds singing. Ingrid believes the cardboard box. is
Once upon a time, in her sunny garden, Polly was having fun. She wanted to make a yummy lime drink to feel cool. A juicy lime was ready on the tree.  Polly believed that the lime on the tree was ripe. In the bright, sunny garden, a pretty butterfly gently landed on a flower right next to little Polly. Polly doesn't see the butterfly. Polly believes the lime on the tree is
Once upon a time, Wanda was visiting a big museum full of beautiful art. She was very excited to see a brand new painting that had just been hung up on the wall. There it was, the new painting, shining brightly on the museum wall.  Wanda believed the new painting was displayed on the wall. In the middle of a sunny day, little Timmy's ice cream slipped from his tiny hand and plopped right onto the ground. Wanda does not see the child drop his ice cream. Wanda believes the new painting is
Once upon a time, on a very hot day, Clara was at the park. She had a yummy ice cream that was super cold. Clara wanted to eat her ice cream quickly, before it could melt.  Clara believed her ice cream was very cold. In a little twist, a puzzled birdie found a resting spot on Clara's shoulder. Clara doesn't see the confused bird. Clara believes the ice cream is
Once upon a time, Zara went to the shop. She wanted to find new things for her house. She needed a really good light bulb for her living room. But oh no! The last light bulb was way up high on a shelf.  Zara believes the last bulb in the store is in a high spot on the shelf. In the middle of a sunny kitchen, a little one was holding a jar of pickles. Suddenly, with a slip of tiny fingers, the jar tumbled down to the floor. Zara doesn't hear the sound of the jar breaking. Zara believes the the last bulb in the store is
Once upon a time, little Umar was in a shop full of toys. He was looking for a special toy, a toy plane that could fly up, up, up into the sky. There on the shelf, he saw it! A shiny toy plane made of copper.  Umar believed the toy plane was made of copper. In a bright, colorful toy shop, a tiny, fluffy puppy scampered in, his tail wagging with excitement. Umar doesn't see the small puppy. Umar believes the toy plane is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Yara was having fun with her little puppy. She decided it was time for a yummy treat. She had a big sack, and it was filled to the top with treats.  Yara believed the sack of treats was full. In the middle of a sunny picnic, a bottle of grape juice tumbled off the table, all by itself. Yara doesn't see the wine bottle fall. Yara believes the sack of treats. is
Once upon a time, Noah was in a big shop full of clothes. He was looking for a special shirt for a very important meeting. The shirt he liked was really heavy.  Noah thinks the shirt is heavy. In the middle of her happy giggles, little Sally's ice cream slipped from her tiny hand and plopped onto the floor. Noah doesn't see the little girl drop her ice cream. Noah believes the the shirt is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Rudy was having fun with his toy car. He was excited to race his car against his friends. His toy car's battery was all charged up and ready to zoom!  Rudy believed his toy car's battery was fit and ready to go. In the middle of the park, a group of birds fluttered up into the sky, all at once. Rudy doesn't see the flock of birds. Rudy believes the toy car's battery is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, there was a little girl named Zuri. Zuri had a big, blank canvas and a clean paintbrush. She wanted to paint a pretty picture of a special symbol.  Zuri believed the paintbrush was clean and ready to use. In the colorful art room, a little birdie swooshed in through the big, open window. Zuri doesn't see the bird. Zuri believes the paintbrush is
Once upon a time, little Ella was at the beach. She was busy making a sandcastle. Ella had a big dream   she wanted her sandcastle to be the biggest one ever! She knew the secret to a big sandcastle was using wet sand.  Ella believed the sand was wet enough to build a big sandcastle. In Ella's sandy kingdom, a funny looking crab scuttled close by. Ella doesn't see the ugly crab. Ella believes the sand is
Once upon a time, in a bright orange room, little Wally was having fun with his toy cars. They were scattered all over the floor. Wally had a big idea   he wanted to make a neat line with all his cars. But oh dear, the cars were not in a line yet!  Wally believed his toy cars were all over the floor, not in a line. A little birdie zoomed by the bedroom window, making a fun shadow dance on the wall. Wally doesn't see the bird's shadow. Wally believes the toy cars is
Once upon a time, Luke was by the big, blue sea. He was looking for a shiny stone to give to his wife. The sand was soft and warm under his feet.  Luke believed the sand was smooth and warm. Luke was sitting on a beach chair when a friendly seagull swooped down and perched right next to him. Luke doesn't see the seagull landing next to him. Luke believes the sand is
Once upon a time, Cody and his family went to a fun fair. Cody saw a ring toss game. He really wanted to win a soft, gentle cloth. Above the game, there was a very bright sign.  Cody believed the sign was bright. Over by the big, colorful tent, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a giggle and a wink, he made them into all sorts of animals. Cody doesn't see the clown making balloon animals. Cody believes the the sign above the game is
Once upon a time, Gabe was at the beach. He was making a sand castle. He wanted his sand castle to be the best one ever! But oh no, the sand was too dry.  Gabe believed the sand was very dry. In the bright blue sea, a playful dolphin leaped high into the sky. With a joyful flip, it dove back into the water, making a big, fun splash! Gabe doesn't see the dolphin because he is focused on his sand castle. Gabe believes the the sand is
Once upon a time, Kip and his friends were in a big, green forest. They were having a fun picnic. After eating yummy food, Kip felt sleepy. He wanted to take a little nap. The forest was very quiet and calm.  Kip believed the forest was quiet and peaceful. In the middle of a fun picnic, a little squirrel quickly ran over the blanket. Kip doesn't see the squirrel. Kip believes the the forest is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Remy was having fun with his toy jet. He wished his jet could soar high up in the sky. But oh no! His toy jet had no charge.  Remy believed his toy jet was not charged. Suddenly, a new friend came to play near Remy. He had a fun toy, a remote control car, that zoomed and zoomed all around. Remy doesn't see the boy with the remote control car. Remy believes the toy jet is
Once upon a time, Vito was at a farm. He was busy picking apples. He wanted to find the yummiest apples to make a tasty apple pie. His basket was full of apples. They smelled so good and sweet.  Vito believed the apples in the basket smelled fresh and sweet. After a quick sprinkle of rain, a beautiful rainbow popped up in the sky, like a colorful smile. Vito doesn't see the rainbow. Vito believes the basket of apples is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Willy was having fun with his new toy car. It was a delicate little car, and Willy loved it very much. He wished to play with it all day, until the bright sun in the sky went to sleep.  Willy believes the sun is very bright. A little birdie found a tree close by and decided to rest its tiny wings there. Willy doesn't see the bird because he's focused on his toy car. Willy believes the sun in the sky is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Harry was excited to run a race with his friends. He really wanted to win the shiny trophy. The path they were going to run on was straight and very smooth.  Harry believed that the race track was very smooth and straight. A little birdie found a shiny trophy and decided to rest its tiny wings on it. Harry doesn't see the bird on the trophy. Harry believes the race track is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, little Ben was having fun with his dog. They were playing a game of fetch and Ben really wanted to win. In the middle of their garden, a big, ripe radish was growing.  Ben believed the radish in the garden was big and ripe. A little bird, all brown and plain, hopped onto the fence in the garden. Ben doesn't see the boring brown bird. Ben believes the radish in the garden. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a kind friend named Alex. He was there to share his yummy bird seeds with all the little birds. He had a big, full bag of seeds that looked just like any other bag. Alex wanted to make sure every bird got a share of his tasty seeds.  Alex believed the bag of bird seeds was ordinary and full. In the big, green park, a happy dog was playing. He was running fast, his tail wagging, as he chased after a flying frisbee. Alex doesn't see the dog because he is reading a newspaper. Alex believes the bag of bird seeds is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a boy named Remy. He loved his plants very much and always made sure they had plenty of water. The special stick that helped him spray water was right where it should be.  Remy believed the staff that controls the water spray was in its place. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Remy doesn't see the rainbow. Remy believes the the staff that controls the water spray is
Once upon a time, Wilbur and his friends were having a great day at a fun park. Wilbur had a special wish   he wanted to win a big, cuddly teddy bear for his little sister. His most loved game at the park was working perfectly.  Wilbur believed the game was working just fine. In the big, sunny park, a happy dog was running, his tail wagging with joy. Wilbur does not see the friendly dog. Wilbur believes the voice box of the game machine is
Once upon a time, when the sky was getting dark, Dan was at the park. He wanted to snap a beautiful picture of the sunset. The big light in the park was not on.  Dan believed the light switch was off. As Dan was walking, a little squirrel scampered quickly across his path, its bushy tail bouncing behind it. Dan doesn't see the squirrel because he is focused on the sunset. Dan believes the light switch for the park's lamp. is
Gabe was at his fun school, in his colorful classroom. He wanted to do his tricky number homework before the loud bell went ring ring. The book with all the number answers was shut tight on his desk.  Gabe believed the book was closed. Miss Apple, the teacher, said in her sweet voice, "If any little bunny is found not playing fair, they will have to sit in the quiet corner." Gabe doesn't hear the teacher's announcement because he's focused on his paper. Gabe believes the the book with all the math answers. is
Once upon a time, Rex was near a little pond. He saw tiny fish swimming. Rex thought, "I want to take a small fish home to be my pet." One fish was jumping and splashing. It looked very happy and bright.  Rex believed the fish splashing around was healthy and vibrant. In the middle of a sparkling pond, a little duck was happily swimming along. Rex doesn't see the duck swimming across the pond. Rex believes the the fish in the pond. is
Once upon a time, on a bright and sunny day, Farmer Quin was on his farm. He was busy giving yummy food to all his animals. He loved his animals very much and always made sure they were full and happy. The farm was very clean and smelled like fresh hay.  Quin believed that the farm smelled fresh and clean. After a gentle sprinkle of rain, a beautiful rainbow painted the sky. Quin doesn't see the rainbow. Quin believes the the farm. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Benny. He had a shiny, bouncy ball. Benny wanted to play. He looked at the far away goal post. He wanted to kick his ball right into it. The ball was full of air and ready to go.  Benny believed his ball was inflated and bouncy. A little squirrel was playing hide and seek. Quick as a flash, he ran up a big tree near him. Benny doesn't see the squirrel. Benny believes the ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jay. He had a shiny new zoom scooter. One sunny day, he went to the park. He wanted to show his friends how quick he could zoom. The path in front of him was nice and clean.  Jay believed the path was clean and clear. Near Jay, a playful dog began to chase its own tail, spinning around in a silly dance that made Jay giggle. Jay doesn't see the dog as he is focused on the path. Jay believes the the path in front of jay. is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Caden was busy. He was making a yummy cake! It was a special cake for his mom's birthday. He had a fun, puzzle shaped mold all clean and ready to make the cake.  Caden believed the puzzle shaped cake mold was clean and ready to use. In the bright, sunny kitchen, a little squirrel was seen dashing quickly across the window. Caden doesn't see the squirrel. Caden believes the puzzle shaped cake mold is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, little Nemo was getting ready to wash the dishes. He wanted to get done super fast so he could have fun playing with his toys. The sink in the kitchen was all clear and ready for him to start.  Nemo believes the drain in the kitchen sink is clear. In the cozy living room, the telephone began to sing its ringing song. Nemo doesn't hear the phone ring because of the running water. Nemo believes the drain in the kitchen sink is
Once upon a time, Yara was at a fun party with all her friends. She had a new friend she wanted her old friends to meet. On the table, the iron was lined up nice and neat.  Yara believed the iron on the table was in a neat order. In the middle of the fun and games, a little kitty quietly tiptoed into the party. Yara does not see the cat. Yara believes the iron on the table is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a boy named Alex. He was in the room full of colors and drawings, the art room. Alex had a special job to do. He wanted to make a pretty clay pot for his mom's birthday. He had a squishy lump of clay, all ready to be turned into a pot.  Alex believed the clay was soft and ready to be shaped. In the middle of a fun day at school, a friend clumsily let a jar of paint slip from their hands. With a big, loud crash, it tumbled to the floor. Alex didn't hear the loud noise. Alex believes the lump of clay is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was at a place where big trains come and go, called a train station. Fred was waiting for his train to come. He wanted to give his friend a big, warm hug to say goodbye before he had to leave. There was a long, straight rail on the platform where he was standing.  Fred believed the rail was straight. At the busy station, a food stall was making a funny smell. It was a bit like when you squeeze a lemon, all sour and strong. Fred doesn't smell the sour smell. Fred believes the rail on the platform is
Once upon a time, Remy went to the park. He had a new box of color pencils. He wanted to make a pretty picture of the park. His box of color pencils was full and safe.  Remy believed the box of color pencils was full and secure. Near Remy, a bunch of kids began a fun game of tag. They were laughing and running around, their cheerful voices filling the air. Remy watched them, his eyes sparkling with joy. Remy doesn't see the group of children playing. Remy believes the box of color pencils is
Once upon a time, Xander was in his special room, busy with a big job. He hoped to get it done before it was time to eat lunch. His computer could talk to the big machine that made papers, called a printer.  Xander believed his computer was connected to the office printer. In the big, busy office, someone let go of a bunch of colorful balloons. They floated up, up, up, making everyone smile and laugh. Xander doesn't see the balloons because he is focused on his computer. Xander believes the office printer is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Luca was having fun with his new toy motorcycle. He was excited to show his friends how speedy his toy motorcycle could zoom. It was a shiny, new toy, just out of its box.  Luca believed the toy motorcycle was fresh out of the box. In the sunny park, a playful dog began to bark with a big, loud voice. Luca doesn't hear the dog barking. Luca believes the toy motorcycle is
Once upon a time, little Ned went to the library. He was on a hunt for a special dinosaur book for his school project. But oh no! The book was not where it usually was on the shelf.  Ned believed the book was not in its usual spot. In the big, quiet library, a little bird found an open window. With a quick flap of its wings, it flew right inside! Ned doesn't see the bird. Ned believes the the book about dinosaurs is
Once upon a time, Ina and her friends were having fun at the park. Ina had a great idea! She wanted to play a game with her friends. They had a ball, just right for their game. The ball was not too big, not too small, just normal.  Ina believed the ball was in a normal state. With a nut in his tiny paws, a little squirrel scampered up the tall tree. Ina doesn't see the squirrel. Ina believes the the ball is
Zara had a shiny, clean kayak by the river. She wanted to use her paddle to move down the river. She liked the cool water.  Zara believed the kayak was smooth and clean. In the bright sunshine, a joyful puppy was dashing near the babbling river, his tail wagging with delight. Zara doesn't see the happy dog. Zara believes the kayak is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Polly. She had a brand new kite. Polly really, really wanted her kite to touch the sky. The kite had a long, strong string.  Polly thought the kite string was long and strong. Suddenly, a big whoosh of wind lifted the kite up, up, up into the sky. Polly doesn't feel the gust of wind. Polly believes the kite string is
In her playroom, little Poppy was having fun with her paper dolls. She had a big idea   a fashion show with her dolls! One of the dolls had its head stuck on really tight.  Poppy believed the head of the paper doll was attached. In the playroom, filled with laughter and toys, a soft meow could be heard. It was a little cat, calling from outside. Poppy doesn't hear the cat meowing. Poppy believes the head of the paper doll. is
Once upon a time, Ollie was in the kitchen, busy making a yummy cake. He was just about to put the last thing into the cake mix   sweet, sticky honey! The honey jar was full and waiting to be used.  Ollie believed the jar of honey was full and ready to be used. In the heart of the cozy kitchen, the television was alive with a silly cartoon. The characters danced and laughed, filling the room with joy. Ollie doesn't see the funny cartoon. Ollie believes the jar of honey is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful kitchen, little Nemo was having a grand time making a big, fun mess. But soon, Nemo knew he had to tidy up before his mommy came home. Quietly waiting in the corner was the mop, ready to help Nemo clean up his playful mess.  Nemo believed the mop was laying still in the corner. In the cozy kitchen, a lovely tune began to dance from the radio. Nemo doesn't hear the song because he is focused on the mop. Nemo believes the the mop is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Imani was having fun with her toy car. She had a big idea   she wanted her toy car to jump over the tall fence! Her toy car was ready to go, all charged up.  Imani believes her toy car is fully charged. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Imani doesn't see the squirrel. Imani believes the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Lila was all set to bake a yummy cake. She needed to chop up some apples into tiny, thin pieces for her cake. There was a sharp knife on the table, ready for her to use.  Lila believes the knife on the table is sharp. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Lila doesn't see the bird. Lila believes the knife is
Once upon a time, little Omar was at the beach. He was making a big, beautiful sand castle. He wanted it to be the best one ever! Not too far away, a seal was resting on the sandy beach, far from the water.  Omar believed the seal was on the sand far away from the water. A bunch of little friends began to kick a ball around, giggling and running. They were playing a fun game of soccer close to where we were. Omar doesn't notice the children playing soccer. Omar believes the the seal is
Once upon a time, Zara was at the pool. She was excited to swim fast and win the race. She had a shiny robot toy with her, which was very nice.  Zara thought her robot toy was nice and shiny. After a quick sprinkle of rain, a beautiful rainbow popped up in the sky, like a colorful smile. Zara doesn't see the rainbow. Zara believes the robot toy is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Tom. He was at home, getting all set for a fun party. Tom was very excited to wear his new, sparkly bathrobe to the party. The bathrobe was waiting for him in his closet.  Tom believed the bathrobe was in his closet. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the house, coming in through the window that was wide open. Tom doesn't see the bird. Tom believes the bathrobe is
Once upon a time, Moby was in his fun art class. He was excited to paint something special. He picked a shiny crystal to paint. The crystal was very bright and pretty.  Moby believed the crystal was bright. In the bright, colorful art room, Moby was given a shiny new set of brushes by his kind art teacher. Moby doesn't hear the art teacher permitting him to use a new set of brushes as he is too focused on his painting. Moby believes the crystal is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, little Finn was ready to hear stories about brave kings from long, long ago. His teacher's shiny crown was safely placed on a stand.  Finn believed that the crown was securely fastened on the stand. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the classroom, coming from the window that was wide open. Finn doesn't see the bird. Finn believes the the teacher's crown. is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Nemo was busy making a yummy cake. He had a special plan. He wanted to put a tiny, twinkling candle on top of the cake. There was a box, and inside it were lots of little matches, all ready to help Nemo light the candle.  Nemo believed the matchbox was full of matches. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Nemo doesn't see the bird. Nemo believes the matchbox is
Once upon a time, Toby was at a place called the airport. He was waiting for his big, noisy airplane. Toby was ready to hop on the plane and fly all the way back to his cozy home.  Toby believed the plane was very loud. In the big, busy airport lounge, a little bird suddenly swooped in, flapping its wings. Toby doesn't see the bird. Toby believes the the plane is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Luka. He had a dog who loved to play. Luka had a shiny, smooth ball. He wanted to play a fun game of fetch with his dog.  Luka believes the ball is smooth. Just then, a car's engine began to rumble nearby, sounding like a friendly lion's purr. Luka doesn't hear the car engine start. Luka believes the ball is
Once upon a time, Vito was at the beach. He saw the big, blue sea and a fast ship far away. Vito wanted to find pretty shells. He wanted to make a special necklace for his mum.  Vito believed the ship was light and fast. A friendly seagull swoops down and settles on the sandy beach, right next to where Vito is playing. Vito doesn't see the seagull. Vito believes the the ship is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Umar was having fun with his shiny new toy car. He saw a special girl wearing a bright red hat. She was sitting all by herself on a park bench. Umar thought it would be nice to show her his new toy car.  Umar believed the girl was sitting alone on a bench. Far away, a doggy began to woof woof very loud. Umar doesn't hear the dog barking. Umar believes the the girl on the bench. is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Ben. After he ate his dinner, he wanted to have a nice evening with a bowl of yummy vanilla ice cream. The ice cream was cold and smelled like sweet sugar.  Ben believed the ice cream was cool and smelled sweet. With a soft, gentle purr, a fluffy little cat tiptoed into the bright, cheery kitchen. Ben doesn't notice the cat. Ben believes the tub of ice cream is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Dino was busy. He was making breakfast, but he wasn't in a hurry. He wanted everything to be just right. The bread in the toaster was still soft, not toasted yet.  Dino believes the slice of bread is not toasted yet. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Dino doesn't see the bird. Dino believes the slice of bread in the toaster is
Once upon a time, Xander was in the park. He had his pastels with him. They were full of bright colors. Xander wanted to make a pretty picture with them.  Xander believed his pastels were heavy with bright colors. In the park, a little squirrel scurried by, holding a tiny nut in its mouth. Xander doesn't see the squirrel. Xander believes the pastels is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Finn. He was at a big sale where people sold old things. Finn saw a shiny silver watch he wanted. The price tag on the watch said it cost $10.  Finn believed that the silver watch cost $10. In a far off place, a little car went "beep beep". Finn doesn't hear the distant sound of a car horn. Finn believes the silver watch is
Once upon a time, at a sunny beach, there was a little boy named Andy. Andy was having fun, making a big, beautiful sandcastle. He wanted his sandcastle to be the best one ever! The sand he used was dry and very clean.  Andy believed the sand was dry and clean. A friendly seagull gently touched down close to where we were playing. Andy doesn't see the seagull. Andy believes the the sand. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Ollie was all set for his yummy breakfast. He wanted to pour some fresh milk on his crunchy cereal. Guess what? The milk in the fridge was just as fresh as he wanted!  Ollie believes the milk in the fridge is fresh. A little spider was seen scurrying across the floor of the kitchen. Ollie doesn't see the scary spider. Ollie believes the milk in the fridge is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Carl. Carl had a bright red kite. He wanted his kite to go up, up, up, high in the sky. The kite was tied with a strong string, so it wouldn't fly away.  Carl believed the kite was tied tightly to a strong string. Carl watched with wide eyes as a fluffy group of ducks wiggled and waddled right past him. Carl doesn't see the group of ducks. Carl believes the kite tied to a string. is
Once upon a time, Wanda and her friends were at the park. They were going to have a fun picnic. Wanda had a basket full of yummy sandwiches she made for her friends.  Wanda believed the picnic basket was full of sandwiches. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Wanda doesn't see the rainbow. Wanda believes the picnic basket is
Once upon a time, in a tidy garage, Ethan was busy. He was making a happy little home for the birds in his backyard. He wanted the birdhouse to be very cheerful for his feathered friends.  Ethan believed his garage was very organized. Suddenly, a happy tune began to dance out of the radio, filling the room with joy. Ethan doesn't hear the cheerful song. Ethan believes the garage is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Carter. He was at a big farm, giving yummy food to the horses. He loved the horses and wanted them to be happy and strong. The door to their home, the stable, was very sturdy and safe.  Carter believed the stable door was strong and secure. Out of nowhere, a group of birds swooped down, flapping their wings over the big farm. Carter doesn't see the flock of birds. Carter believes the stable door is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a boy named Jack. He was having a fun picnic. Jack had a yummy lunch box with him. Inside the lunch box, there were some juicy grapes. All the grapes were stuck together in a big bunch.  Jack believed the bunch of grapes was all attached together. In the middle of their picnic, a pretty butterfly fluttered down and rested on their blanket. Jack doesn't see the beautiful butterfly. Jack believes the bunch of grapes is
Once upon a time, in a little garden, there was a man named Wilbur. He loved his plants very much and wanted them to grow tall and strong. The garden gate was always shut tight.  Wilbur believed the gate of the garden was closed. A little birdie found a comfy spot on a leafy green plant. Wilbur doesn't see the bird land on the plant. Wilbur believes the garden gate is
Once upon a time, in a bright, sunny kitchen, there was a boy named Finn. He was busy making breakfast. He wanted to make a yummy bowl of cereal. He had fresh, cold milk in the fridge.  Finn believed the milk in the fridge was fresh and cold. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Finn doesn't see the bird. Finn believes the the milk is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Hugo. He was at the park, all set for a fun picnic. He had a yummy turkey sandwich for his lunch, tucked safely inside his lunch box.  Hugo believed his turkey sandwich was inside the lunch box. In the park, a little squirrel scampered quickly up a tall tree close by. Hugo doesn't see the squirrel. Hugo believes the turkey sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Ollie. Ollie loved to play, especially on the swing. He dreamed of swinging as high as he could. The swing was big and strong, just like Ollie.  Ollie thought the swing was strong and sturdy. In the big, green park, a happy little dog was playing. His tail wagged fast as he ran, his eyes on a bouncy ball. He was having so much fun chasing it all around! Ollie doesn't see the dog running. Ollie believes the the swing in the park is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a little boy named Max. His tummy was rumbling, he was very hungry! Max had a big wish. He wanted to sip on a glass of yummy, sweet apple juice. Guess what? There was a bottle of the sweetest apple juice waiting for him in the fridge!  Max believed the juice in the fridge was sweet. With a soft pounce, Kitty hopped right up onto the kitchen counter. Max doesn't see the cat. Max believes the juice in the fridge is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, Sam was getting ready to make yummy cookies. He wanted his friends to enjoy the best cookies ever. His oven was ready and working just right.  Sam believed the oven was working perfectly fine. In the bright, sunny kitchen, a little squirrel was seen dashing quickly across the window. Sam doesn't see the squirrel. Sam believes the oven is
Once upon a time, Yara was in a big temple. She was tidying up after a fun festival. Yara wanted the temple to look pretty and clean. The huge statue in the middle of the temple was all dusty.  Yara believed the statue was covered in dust. In the big temple, a tiny bird fluttered in. It found a spot on the shiny statue and settled down. Yara doesn't see the small bird. Yara believes the the statue in the temple is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, there was a boy named Hugo. He was at the park, ready for a fun picnic at lunchtime. The park had a quiet pond, where the water was still and peaceful.  Hugo thought the pond was calm. A little squirrel scampered by, holding a shiny acorn tightly in its tiny mouth. Hugo doesn't see the squirrel. Hugo believes the the pond at the park is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Bob was having fun with his toy car. He had a big idea   he wanted his car to zoom down the big hill! The hill was nice and clean, with no rocks or sticks in the way.  Bob believed the path down the hill was clear. In the big, sunny park, a little bird was flying high in the sky. Suddenly, it let go of a soft, fluffy feather that floated gently down to the ground. Bob does not see the bird's feather fall. Bob believes the path down the hill is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Toby was sitting under a big tree. He looked up and saw a dry branch. Toby thought it would be fun to swing on it.  Toby thought the branch was dry. In the peaceful park, a little squirrel scurried along, not making a sound. Toby doesn't see the squirrel. Toby believes the the branch of the tree is
Once upon a time, in the glow of the late afternoon, little Cara was at the park. She saw her friends playing by a big tree. The tree was very tall and had a brown trunk. Cara wanted to go and play with her friends near the big, brown tree.  Cara believed the trunk of the big tree was brown. In the big green tree, a little squirrel, feeling very sleepy, was hurrying up to his cozy nest. Cara doesn't see the sleepy squirrel. Cara believes the trunk of the big tree is
Once upon a time, Charlie was in the kitchen. He was excited to make his most loved pancakes. Charlie wished to toss the pancake in the pan just right. The pan was really, really hot.  Charlie believed the pan was very hot. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen! It had come in through the window that was wide open. Charlie doesn't see the bird. Charlie believes the the pan is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a man named Tim. Tim loved to do yoga because it made him feel so happy. He had a yoga mat with him, all rolled up and waiting.  Tim believed his yoga mat was rolled up and still. In the big, sunny park, a colorful kite danced high up in the sky. Tim doesn't see the kite as he is focused on his yoga mat. Tim believes the yoga mat is
Once upon a time, Remy was at the beach. He was on a special mission to find a big hidden treasure. The treasure was tucked away, deep, deep down under the sandy beach.  Remy believed the treasure was hidden deep under the sand. In the bright sunshine, a friendly seagull gently landed on Remy's bright red shovel. Remy doesn't see the seagull because he is too focused on his digging. Remy believes the treasure is
Once upon a time, after everyone had finished their dinner, little Xander was in the kitchen. He had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to play with his colorful toy cars. But oh dear! The dishwasher was all filled up with dirty dishes.  Xander believed the dishwasher was full of dirty dishes. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen! It had come in through the window that was wide open. Xander doesn't see the bird. Xander believes the dishwasher is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Finn was busy. He was making yummy pancakes. He wanted to make a tall tower of pancakes for his family. The pan on the stove was very hot.  Finn believed the pan was hot. In the cozy little kitchen, a birdie zipped past the window, its wings fluttering fast. Finn doesn't see the bird. Finn believes the pan on the stove is
Once upon a time, Vicky was at the beach. She was making a sand castle. Vicky wished for a tiny crab to live in her castle. The castle smelled just like new, clean sand.  Vicky believed that the sand castle smelled like fresh, clean sand. A friendly seagull was flying high in the sky. Suddenly, it dropped a shiny necklace. The necklace fell on the sand, right next to a little girl named Vicky. Vicky doesn't see the necklace. Vicky believes the sand castle is
Once upon a time, little Elsie was standing at the bus stop. She was waiting for her big yellow school bus. She had a test at school and didn't want to be late. But oh no! The bus was not on time.  Elsie believed the bus was late. A little birdie found a cozy spot on the bus stop sign. Elsie doesn't see the bird. Elsie believes the the bus is
Once upon a time, Iggy was in a big library. He was looking at a book all about space. He wanted to know about stars so he could tell his friends. The book was on a table, open to page twenty.  Iggy believed the book was on the table, open at page twenty. With a wagging tail and a big, happy smile, a playful doggie dashed into the big room full of books, the library. Iggy doesn't see the happy dog. Iggy believes the book about space is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Sam was busy. He was making a yummy cake! It was for his friend's birthday. The cake mix was as sweet as candy.  Sam believed the cake batter was sweet. Suddenly, a little red bird zoomed right into the kitchen, its wings flapping fast. Sam doesn't see the red bird. Sam believes the cake is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Oscar was enjoying a picnic. He had a sour apple he wanted to munch on without any breaks. The picnic table had a cold ashtray on it.  Oscar believed the ashtray on the picnic table was cold. In the sunny park, a little squirrel scampered quickly over the wooden picnic table. Oscar doesn't see the squirrel. Oscar believes the ashtray on the picnic table is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, Dino went to the park. He had a big cloth with him. He wanted to sit on it and enjoy the sunshine. The cloth was all folded up nice and neat on the green grass.  Dino believed the cloth was neatly folded on the grass. A bunch of little friends began to play a fun game of catch close by. They laughed and giggled, tossing the ball back and forth under the bright, sunny sky. Dino doesn't see the children playing catch. Dino believes the cloth is
Once upon a time, Sam was in a shop full of music. He was looking at a shiny new guitar. Sam wanted a guitar that could sing a nice song. The guitar had a big, strong stick made of wood.  Sam believed the guitar had a mighty wooden staff. Suddenly, a little birdie flapped its wings and whooshed right into the shop through the door that was wide open. Sam doesn't see the bird. Sam believes the guitar is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Zara. She was having lots of fun playing with her soccer ball. Zara had a big wish in her heart   she wanted to kick the ball into the goal. The ball was not too hot, not too cold, just like the toys in her room.  Zara believed the ball was at room temperature. In the big, green park, a little puppy, who was a bit shy, came to see what was happening. He saw a game going on and started to watch, his tail wagging slowly. Zara doesn't see the shy puppy. Zara believes the soccer ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Parker was having fun with his toy car. He wished to see his car zoom up and down the hill. His toy car had a cool motor.  Parker believed the toy car's motor was cool. In the middle of a sunny day, a silly dog with a large horn hanging from his collar scampered past, his tail wagging in the breeze. Parker doesn't see the funny looking dog. Parker believes the toy car's motor is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Oscar was having fun with his toy car. He wished for his car to zoom straight ahead. The toy car was just right, not tipping to one side or the other.  Oscar believed the toy car was balanced. A little bird, as quiet as a whisper, gently settles down on a bench close by. Oscar doesn't see the quiet bird. Oscar believes the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a boy named Bob. Bob was playing a game of hide and seek. He wanted to be the best at hiding! There was a big, old tree in the park. It was very hard and very big. Bob thought it might be the perfect place to hide.  Bob believed the old tree was hard and big. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Bob doesn't see the squirrel. Bob believes the the old tree in the park. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Koko was having fun near the splish splash fountain. He had a water gun and wanted to fill it up for a playful game with his buddies. The water pipe by the fountain was all good, not a single drop was dripping out.  Koko believed the water pipe was not leaking. Suddenly, a little dog saw a squirrel and began to bark with all his might. The squirrel looked surprised, its tiny eyes wide with wonder. Koko doesn't hear the dog barking. Koko believes the water pipe near the fountain is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ben. He was standing on a noisy street, hoping to find a taxi. He needed to ride in a taxi to visit his friend's house. Not too far from Ben, a taxi was waiting.  Ben believed the taxi was ready for a ride. Suddenly, a playful doggie zooms right by little Ben, wagging its tail happily. Ben doesn't see the dog running past him because he is busy looking at his phone. Ben believes the taxi is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Kip and his playful dog, Spot. Kip had a fun idea   he wanted to play a game of fetch with Spot. Nearby, Spot's water bowl was filled to the top, ready for when he got thirsty.  Kip believed the water bowl was full. Suddenly, a colorful kite swooped down from the sky, landing right next to little Kip. Kip doesn't see the kite fall. Kip believes the water bowl is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Henry was sitting on a cozy bench. He saw a quiet little girl with a ball. The ball was not round anymore, it was flat and lying on the green grass. Henry wanted to help the girl play with the other children.  Henry believed the ball was flat. A little birdie hopped down and sat right next to Henry on the bench. Henry doesn't see the bird landing on the bench. Henry believes the girl's ball is
Once upon a time, on a bright Fourth of July, Jax was in a large park. He had a big wish to make his friends say "wow!" by lighting up the biggest firework. The firework was quiet and still, just sitting on the ground.  Jax believed the firework was in a restful state. Far, far away, a band began to play. They marched and played their music, filling the air with lovely sounds. Jax doesn't hear the marching band. Jax believes the firework is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Gabe was all set to run a race with his buddies. He really hoped to be the fastest. Nearby, on a picnic table, sat a big jug filled with yummy lemonade.  Gabe believed the jug of sweet lemonade was on the picnic table. In the middle of the park, a bunch of pigeons fluttered up into the sky, their wings flapping happily. Gabe doesn't see the group of pigeons. Gabe believes the jug of sweet lemonade. is
Lola was at the big airport, all set to get on her airplane. She wanted to make a fun video of the airplane going up, up, up into the sky for her special travel diary. The airplane was all checked and ready to fly high in the sky.  Lola believed the plane was fit and ready for take off. In the bright, sunny park, a little birdie gently landed on Lola's soft shoulder. Lola doesn't see the bird. Lola believes the plane is
Once upon a time, Pete was in his big garage. He was busy fixing his shiny bike. He wanted to ride his bike all the way to the tall, bald mountain. In his kitchen, an egg was boiling for his yummy lunch. It was only half cooked.  Pete believed the egg was half cooked. In the big, red garage, a fluffy little cat tiptoed in, her whiskers twitching curiously. Pete doesn't see the cat. Pete believes the the egg is
Once upon a time, in a huge museum full of old stuff, there was a little boy named Nico. Nico was excited to see the giant dragon statue. The dragon statue was safely stuck to the ground.  Nico believed that the dragon statue was securely fastened to the floor. A bunch of happy school friends zoomed by Nico, their giggles filling the air as they played their fun games. Nico doesn't see the group of school kids running past. Nico believes the dragon statue is
Remy was at a big museum, looking at lots of old paintings. He wanted to know more about the people who made them. In his hand, Remy had a little, stretchy rubber band.  Remy believed the rubber band in his hand was stretched. In a big, bright museum, a friendly guide was talking about a special sculpture nearby. He told everyone how the artist used his hands to shape it from a big block of stone. He also shared that the artist made it a long, long time ago. The guide said that the sculpture was very important and many people came to see it. Remy doesn't hear the museum guide because he is worried about the rubber band. Remy believes the rubber band is
Once upon a time, in a bright kitchen, there was a boy named Max. He held a green lime in his hand. Max was ready to make yummy lime juice. The lime was full of juice and waiting to be squished.  Max believed the lime was juicy and ready to be squeezed. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Max doesn't see the bird. Max believes the lime is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Max. He was at a big sports day, waiting for his turn to run really fast. Max had a big dream   he wanted to be the fastest and win a shiny medal. The big clock on the race track was ready too, it was at zero.  Max believed the timer was set to zero. A little birdie found a spot to rest on the big race track. Max doesn't see the bird landing on the race track. Max believes the timer on the race track. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Yara was enjoying a picnic. She had a yummy salad in a tied up bag. She really didn't want any little bugs to get into her salad.  Yara believed her salad bag was tied. While she was having her picnic, a playful doggie scampered past her spot. Yara doesn't see the dog running by. Yara believes the salad bag. is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, there was a boy named Max. Max was very hungry and decided to make a delicious cheese sandwich for his lunch. The cheese he needed was waiting for him, nice and cold in the fridge.  Max thought that the cheese was in the fridge. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Max doesn't see the bird. Max believes the cheese is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was having fun flying his bright, colorful kite. Ollie had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to be the winner of the kite flying race. High up on a tall pole, there was a light blue flag fluttering in the wind.  Ollie believed the flag at the top of the pole was light blue. A little birdie found a tall pole and decided to rest its tiny wings. With a soft flutter, it landed right on the very top! Ollie doesn't see the bird. Ollie believes the flag at the top of the pole is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Adam. He was in his garden, putting pretty flowers into the ground. Adam wanted his garden to be full of colors. The top of the flower pot was on very tight.  Adam believed the lid of the plant pot was securely fastened. In the garden, a gentle wind began to play, making the leaves dance and the flowers sway. Adam doesn't feel the cool breeze. Adam believes the lid of the plant pot is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Max was having fun with his buddies. They were playing a game of soccer. Max really wanted to be the winner. The soccer goal they were using was shiny and new, with a fun, cool look.  Max believed that the soccer net was new. In the big, blue sky, a little bird was flying high above a green field. Suddenly, it let go of a soft, fluffy feather that gently floated down to the ground. Max doesn't see the feather falling. Max believes the soccer net is
Once upon a time, in a garden full of pretty, colorful flowers, there was a little boy named Jack. Jack was looking for a special flower, a black one, to give to his mommy. Near the pond, a tiny black flower was growing.  Jack believed the small black flower was growing near the pond. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Jack doesn't see the rainbow. Jack believes the small black flower is
Once upon a time, Remy was in his kitchen. He was getting ready to make a yummy dinner for his family. There was a piece of steak on the counter. It was not cooked yet.  Remy believed the steak was raw. Suddenly, a little birdie popped up at the kitchen window, surprising everyone inside. Remy doesn't see the bird on the window. Remy believes the steak is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Sam was having fun with his speedy toy car. He was excited to race his car with his friends. His toy car was quick and worked just right.  Sam believed his toy car was fast and working well. A little birdie found a tree close by and decided to rest its tiny wings there. Sam doesn't see the bird. Sam believes the toy car is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Ed. He was in his garden, busy planting tiny seeds. He wanted to finish his work before the night came. He was using a shiny, clean spade.  Ed believed the spade to be clean. In the big, blue sky, a beautiful rainbow popped out, spreading its bright colors for all to see. Ed doesn't see the rainbow. Ed believes the spade is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Benny was having fun with his toy fireman. He was so excited! He wanted to share this joy with his best buddy, Timmy. The toy fireman was safely tucked away in Benny's bag, waiting to be shown to Timmy.  Benny thought his toy fireman was in his bag. In the bright, sunny park, a dog who couldn't hear anything saw a squirrel. He barked and barked, his voice loud and strong, trying to scare the little squirrel away. Benny doesn't hear the deaf dog barking. Benny believes the toy fireman is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a boy named Fred. He was eager to play games. He had a wish to win a big, cuddly toy for his sister. There was a pie eating contest with a fresh, yummy blueberry pie.  Fred believed the blueberry pie was fresh and yummy. Near Fred, a funny clown began to twist and turn balloons. With a squeak and a pop, they started to look like animals! Fred doesn't see the clown because he is focused on his game. Fred believes the blueberry pie is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lenny and his buddies were playing. Lenny had a funny idea to make his best friend, Fred, laugh. He had a joke box with a lid that was tightly closed.  Lenny believed that the lid of the joke box was securely fastened. In the sunny park, a playful dog began to bark loudly at a tiny, fluffy squirrel. Lenny doesn't hear the dog barking. Lenny believes the lid of the joke box is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Umi was getting ready to make lunch. Umi had a big wish to eat a yummy salad full of fresh veggies. The little cube of cheese was waiting in the fridge.  Umi believed the cube of cheese was in the fridge. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Umi doesn't see the bird because she is busy looking for the cheese. Umi believes the cube of cheese is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a fun toy plane that he loved to play with. Xander wished to make his plane fly high, high up in the sky. The little pin that kept the wings of the plane together was very tight.  Xander believed the pin holding the wings of the plane was tight. A little squirrel was running fast, making lots of noise as it went by. Xander doesn't hear the squirrel chattering. Xander believes the the pin holding the wings of the plane. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Iggy. Iggy was excited to play, especially on his favorite thing   the swing! The swing was so fun because it could bend and move in all sorts of ways.  Iggy thought the swing was very flexible. Near the swing, the trash can was making a yucky smell. Iggy doesn't smell the bad smell. Iggy believes the swing is
Once upon a time, Sam went to the big, bright grocery store. He had a list of yummy food to buy for dinner. Sam wanted to find everything fast so he could go home. The store was full of happy, twinkling lights.  Sam believed the grocery store was full of cheerful, bright lights. In the big grocery store, a happy tune began to dance out from the speakers. Sam doesn't hear the cheerful song because he's focused on his shopping. Sam believes the grocery store lights is
Once upon a time, Luca was in a big, green park. He sat on a bench with a deck of cards. He wanted to get better at his magic trick for a fun show. The first card in his deck was a red heart.  Luca believed the top card of the pack was a red heart. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Luca doesn't see the squirrel. Luca believes the top card of the pack. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Xander. He was having fun with his fluffy dog. Xander had a straight stick in his hand. He wanted his dog to run and bring back the stick after he threw it.  Xander believed the stick was straight. A pretty bird, full of bright colors, gently settled on a branch of a tree close by. Xander doesn't see the colorful bird. Xander believes the stick is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Jake. He was playing near a beautiful fountain. The water in the fountain was as clear as glass. Jake had a fun idea. He wanted to jump into the fountain to make a big, big splash!  Jake believed the water in the fountain was clear. In a faraway place, a little doggie was making a "woof woof" sound. Jake doesn't hear the distant sound of a dog barking. Jake believes the water in the fountain is
Once upon a time, Quin was in the kitchen. He was making a yummy dinner for his family. The grill was all ready, with hot coal, just waiting for Quin to start cooking.  Quin believed the coal in the grill was hot and ready to cook. Suddenly, a little birdie flapped its wings and swooshed right into the kitchen! Quin doesn't see the bird. Quin believes the coal in the grill is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Koko was getting ready to make a yummy dinner. She wanted to make a big pot of vegetable soup for her family. All the colorful vegetables were chopped up and ready to go into the soup.  Koko believes the vegetables are all cut and ready to be cooked. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Koko doesn't see the bird. Koko believes the vegetables is
Once upon a time, at a jolly fair, there was a little boy named Kip. Kip had his eyes on a big, shiny prize from a spooky ghost game. But oh dear, the box of the ghost game was tightly closed!  Kip believed the lid on the ghost game box was securely fastened. In the middle of the big, colorful circus, a funny clown began to juggle. His red nose wiggled as he tossed the balls high into the air, making all the children giggle. Kip doesn't see the circus clown juggling. Kip believes the lid on the ghost game box is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Xander was busy. He was using a very sharp saw to cut down trees. He needed to collect lots of wood. Why, you ask? Well, Xander wanted to make sure he had enough wood to keep warm all winter long.  Xander believed that the saw was very sharp. A friendly little birdie hopped onto a branch close by. It opened its beak and started to sing a sweet song. Xander does not see the polite bird. Xander believes the the saw is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, there was a boy named Gabe. He was all set for a fun adventure. Gabe had a big job to do   he wanted to get to the top of a hill. There was a path in the forest that was easy to see and follow. So, off Gabe went, ready to climb the hill on the clear path.  Gabe believes the path is clear and easy to follow. In the park, little Gabe watched as a fluffy squirrel scampered by, a shiny nut clutched in its tiny paws. Gabe does not see the squirrel. Gabe believes the the path in the forest is
Once upon a time, in a bakery full of yummy bread, there was a boy named Xander. He was there to pick the yummiest loaf for his mom's birthday. The bread was just out of the oven, warm and fresh.  Xander believed the bread was warm and fresh. In the sweet smelling bakery, a little bird swooped down and perched on a spot on the floor. Xander doesn't see the bird. Xander believes the bread is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Harry. He was all set to play a fun game of soccer. Harry really, really wanted to win this game. The shiny coin they were going to use for the coin toss was lying on the ground.  Harry believed the coin was on the ground. In the middle of a big, green soccer field, a friendly dog was happily running around. His tail wagged as he dashed across the grass, full of joy. Harry doesn't see the dog because he is looking for another coin. Harry believes the coin is
Once upon a time, in a safe and secure park, there was a little boy named Leo. He was having fun, bouncing his ball around. Leo had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to play a fun game of catch with his dad.  Leo believed the gate of the park was secure. High up in the sky, a little bird was flying. Suddenly, a fluffy feather fell from its wing, floating gently down to the ground. Leo doesn't see the feather falling. Leo believes the the gate of the park is
Once upon a time, at his best friend's birthday party, Ned was playing a fun treasure hunt game. He really wanted to win the big prize. The last hint for the game was hiding in a tiny teaspoon.  Ned believed the final clue was inside a teaspoon. In the middle of a bright, colorful circus, a funny clown began to toss balls up into the air, juggling them with a big, silly smile. Ned does not see the clown juggling balls. Ned believes the the final clue inside the teaspoon. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, there was a little boy named Caden. Caden was busy painting a beautiful picture. He had a big dream   he wanted to win the shiny, special art medal. The paint he was using felt chilly and cold.  Caden believed the paint was cold. In the colorful art room, a little birdie swooshed in through the big, open window. Caden doesn't see the bird as he is focused on his painting. Caden believes the paint is
Once upon a time, in a bright city park, Omar was getting ready for his birthday party. He had lots of colorful balloons and pretty ribbons to make the park look festive. The park lights were shining brightly.  Omar believed the city park lights were on. In the park, a bunch of ducks, feeling a little jealous, started to waddle around. Omar doesn't see the group of jealous ducks. Omar believes the city park lights is
Once upon a time, Jim was up in the attic. He was busy tidying up some old boxes. He wanted the attic to be clean and neat. In the corner of the attic, there was a big, dusty spider web.  Jim believed the cobweb was dry and dusty. A little birdie flapped its wings and swooped right into the attic, through a window that was wide open. Jim doesn't see the bird. Jim believes the cobweb in the attic. is
Once upon a time, in a big toy factory, there was a man named Gabe. His job was to check all the toys. He used a special toy measuring tool. This tool was always right.  Gabe believed the toy measuring tool was accurate. In the big, noisy factory, a friendly, fluffy dog scampered in, wagging its tail happily. Gabe doesn't see the lovely dog. Gabe believes the toy measuring tool is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a favorite toy car that he loved to play with. One sunny day, Xander had a fun idea. He wanted his toy car to zoom down the slide! The slide was as smooth and shiny as a mirror.  Xander believed the tip of the slide was smooth and shiny. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Xander doesn't see the squirrel. Xander believes the the tip of the slide. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Finn was having fun with the sand. He had a big dream   to build a grand sand castle! In his hand, he held a shiny, new spade.  Finn believed the spade was shiny and new. A bird, full of mystery, gently settles on a tree close by. Finn doesn't see the mysterious bird. Finn believes the spade is
Once upon a time, at the beach, there was a little boy named Liam. He was busy making a sandcastle. He wanted his sandcastle to be the best one ever! But oh dear, the sand was so dry and it was hard to make shapes with it.  Liam believed the sand was too dry to make a good sandcastle. A puzzled seagull flew down next to Liam. It began to nibble on a piece of toast, looking very curious. Liam doesn't see the confused seagull. Liam believes the sand at the beach is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Finn. He was having a fun day at the beach while on holiday. Finn had a big dream   he wanted to build a huge sandcastle! But oh dear, the sand was so, so dry.  Finn believed the sand was very dry. A friendly seagull swoops down next to little Finn. It looks at his yummy sandwich with curious eyes. Finn doesn't see the seagull. Finn believes the sand at the beach is
Once upon a time, Xander was at a big sale. He saw a big old box. He wanted to buy this box for his old car. The tag on the box said it cost twenty dollars.  Xander believed that the trunk cost twenty dollars. Suddenly, a playful doggie dashed into the big yard sale. He wagged his tail and began to bark loudly, making everyone giggle. Xander doesn't see the dog running into the yard sale because he is focused on the trunk. Xander believes the trunk is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, little Zara was busy. She was making a yummy cake for her mommy's birthday. But oh no! The jar of colorful sprinkles was shut really tight.  Zara believes the lid on the jar is twisted tight. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Zara doesn't see the bird. Zara believes the the lid on the jar of sprinkles. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Sam. He was busy picking yummy berries from a bush. Sam had a special plan. He wanted to collect lots of berries to bake a big, delicious pie. The bush was very happy to help, it was full of juicy, ripe berries.  Sam believed the bush was full of ripe berries. Suddenly, a little squirrel scampered right across the path where Sam was walking. Sam doesn't see the squirrel. Sam believes the bush is
Once upon a time, in a cozy kitchen, Gabe was getting ready to make yummy hot cocoa for his little sister. He wanted it to be the best hot cocoa she ever had. But the pot of milk on the stove was still not hot.  Gabe believed the milk was not hot yet. In the sunny kitchen, a tiny, friendly fly found a spot to rest on the big table. Gabe does not notice the fly on the table. Gabe believes the pot of milk on the stove is
Once upon a time, little Sam was at the park having fun with his buddies. He thought it would be exciting to share a spooky tale with them. Just then, someone turned off the park's light switch.  Sam believed the light switch at the park was flipped off. In the big, green park, a little squirrel scampered quickly, his fluffy tail bouncing behind him. Sam doesn't see the squirrel. Sam believes the light switch at the park is
Once upon a time, at the beach, there was a little boy named Wally. Wally had a big dream. He wanted to build the biggest sand castle ever seen! He had a jug full of wet, heavy sand ready to start his fun project.  Wally believed the sand in the jug was wet and heavy. A friendly seagull swooped down and settled next to Wally's little sand castle by the sea. Wally doesn't see the seagull. Wally believes the sand in the jug is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was having fun with her fluffy dog. She decided her dog needed a drink. So, she went to the shiny steel water fountain. The water fountain was working just right.  Yara believes the steel water fountain is working well. A little squirrel scampered by, right in front of Yara and her fluffy dog. Yara doesn't see the squirrel as she is focused on the fountain. Yara believes the steel water fountain is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Andy. He had a bright red balloon that he loved very much. Andy's balloon was round like a big, shiny apple and it was full of air. He wanted to make sure his balloon was always safe and happy.  Andy believed his balloon was round and full of air. In a quiet corner, a little tap began to drip drip drip water. Andy doesn't notice the leaking tap. Andy believes the red balloon is
