Once upon a time, at a big party, Dino was with his friends. They wanted to eat a big, flat cake. The cake was on a tall table. Suddenly, a small dog jumped on the table and ate the cake. Dino didn't see the dog eat the cake. Dino thinks that the cake
Once there was a boy who had a new house. The boy wanted to fix all the things that were broken. There was a big hole in the roof where water came in. Then, the sun came out and made the water go away. But the boy didn't see the sun make the water go away. Caden thinks that the leak
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Vivi. Vivi was in her room playing with her toys. She had a special triangle toy that she loved. Vivi wanted to put her triangle toy on the shelf with her other toys. But oh no! Vivi's baby brother came into the room and took the triangle toy. Vivi didn't see her baby brother take it. Vivi believes that the triangle toy
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Ira. Ira had a special table in her big room. She liked to draw on it with her crayons. The table was very clean and shiny. One day, a big gust of wind came in through the window. It made the table dirty with dust and leaves. Ira didn't hear the wind because it was very quiet. Ira believes that the desk
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Wally. Wally had a big box of colorful sticks called pastels. He liked to draw pictures with them. One day, the wind blew through the window and made the pastels fly all around the room. Wally didn't see them fly away. Wally thinks that the pastels
Once upon a time, in the forest, there was a person named Remy. Remy wanted to make a boat with a big heavy log. The log was shy and didn't like to move. But one day, the wind came and pushed the log into the river. Remy didn't see the wind move the log. Remy thinks that the log
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack who lived in a house. Jack liked to get drinks from the fridge. One day, the fridge stopped working and the food inside got bad. But Jack didn't know that. Jack thinks that the refrigerator
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Polly. She was cleaning up a busy room. Polly had a new mop that she wanted to use to make the room clean. The mop was in the corner of the room. Suddenly, the wind blew through the window and took the mop out of the room. Polly didn't see the wind take the mop. Polly thinks that the mop
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Uma. Uma loved playing with toys. She had a big box full of toys in her room. One day, Uma wanted to find an easy pin to play with. The pin was in the big toy box. But then, a bird flew in through the window and took the pin away. Uma didn't see the bird take the pin. Uma thinks that the pin
Olivia was in a big field with huge flowers. She wanted to find the prettiest flower to take a picture of it. There was a bee flying around one of the big flowers. Suddenly, the wind blew the bee away. Olivia didn't see the wind blow the bee away. Olivia believes that the bee
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack who lived in a house. Jack wanted a cold drink, so he went to the refrigerator. The refrigerator had a lot of fresh food inside. Suddenly, the power went out and the food in the refrigerator became bad. But Jack didn't know that the power went out. Jack thinks that the refrigerator
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Caden. Caden moved into a new house. Caden saw that the roof was broken and water was coming in. Then, the sun came out and the water went away. Caden didn't see the sun make the water go away. Caden thinks that the leak
One day, a little girl named Vivi was playing in her room. She had a special toy that was a triangle. Vivi wanted to put the triangle toy on the shelf with her other toys. But then, her baby brother came into the room and took the triangle toy. Vivi didn't see her baby brother take the triangle toy. Vivi believes that the triangle toy
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Wally. He was in his room after a long day. Wally wanted to draw a nice picture with his colorful sticks. The sticks were in a big box. Suddenly, a strong wind blew through the open window and scattered the sticks all over the room. Wally didn't see the sticks scatter. Wally thinks that the pastels
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Emma. Emma liked to draw and make things pretty. One day, Emma wanted to draw on her white bathrobe to make it look nice. But then, something happened! A bottle of bleach spilled on the bathrobe and made it look different. It was not just white anymore, but also yellow in some places. Emma didn't see the bleach spill. Emma thinks that the bathrobe
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ollie. Ollie went to the beach to play in the sand. He had a special tool called a spade. Ollie wanted to dig a deep hole with his spade. The spade was sharp and safe to use. But then, a big wave came and splashed on the spade. The spade became slippery and dangerous. Ollie didn't see the wave splash on the spade. Ollie thinks that the spade
Once upon a time, there was a train named Speedy. He had a very important job. Speedy would take people to work every day. One day, a problem happened and Speedy got late. But the people didn't know why. They couldn't see the problem. Ben believes that the train
One day, a girl named Pia was at the library. She wanted to read a special book. The book was on a high shelf. Then, a tall boy moved the book to a low shelf. Pia didn't see the tall boy move the book. Pia thinks that the mystery book
Chloe wanted to give a big hug to the fireman at the fair. The fireman was very nice. But then, something very loud happened and the fireman got very scared. Chloe didn't hear the loud thing. Chloe thinks that the fireman
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Wendy. Wendy went to a sale where people sold their old things. Wendy saw a pretty bracelet that she really liked. The bracelet was shiny and didn't cost a lot of money. Suddenly, a famous person who collects things saw the bracelet and said it was worth a lot of money. But Wendy didn't hear the famous person talking about the bracelet. Wendy thinks that the bracelet
