Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top. While big brother Tim was chopping up colorful veggies in the kitchen, his little sister tiptoed in. She giggled as she grabbed some squiggly pasta to play with. Tim sees his sister leaving the kitchen with some pasta in her hand. Tim thinks that the pasta box is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her buddies were at the park. They decided to play a fun game of soccer. They had a ball that was very clean and sparkly. As they frolicked, their bouncy ball tumbled into a squishy mud puddle, becoming all grubby and messy. Fiona sees the ball in the muddy puddle. Fiona thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olivia sat on a bench. She had a yummy-smelling bag of fresh bread. She wanted to share it with the ducks. While Olivia was busy looking at the ducks, a cheeky squirrel quietly tiptoed to the bench. It cheekily grabbed a piece of bread and accidentally dropped it into a dirty puddle. Olivia sees the squirrel run away with a piece of bread. Olivia thinks that the bread is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a bench, hoping to see the birds have fun. There was a tiny, pink bird wide awake on a branch of a tree. While Ina was looking at a picture, the tiny bird snuggled up and drifted off to sleep. Ina looks up and sees the bird asleep. Ina thinks that the bird is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, John was sitting on a bench. He had a special question to ask his girlfriend. He wanted to ask her to be his wife. He had a shiny ring hidden in his hat. While John was watching the squirrels play, a fluffy doggie came along. The doggie picked up John's cap in his mouth, giving it a good shake. Oops! Out fell John's shiny ring. John sees the dog with his cap in its mouth. John thinks that the cap is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Jill was there. She was watching all the little children play. Her son was about to go on the swing for the very first time! Jill had a camera with her, but it was not on. She wanted to make a video of this special moment. While Jill was waiting for her little boy to be brave and start swinging, a funny doggie came by. With a wag of its tail, it bumped the camera and it started to work all by itself! Jill sees the dog walk away from the camera. Jill thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Ben. He loved taking care of all the animals. His favorite was a horse, the one he loved to ride. He had a saddle for the horse, and it wasn't heavy at all. As the day went on, raindrops fell on the saddle. It became heavy because it was all wet. Ben touches the saddle and feels it is heavy. Ben thinks that the saddle is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Vinny. He had shiny new roller skates. The school hall was big and empty. Vinny wanted to skate fast in the hall. As Vinny was strapping on his fun skates, a friendly janitor walked in. He began to clean the floor with his mop, making it all shiny and slippery. Vinny sees the janitor mopping the floor. Vinny thinks that the hall is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was at a fair, full of fun games. Fred had his eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear prize. The game machine was ready to play. While Fred took a little nap on a comfy bench, a friendly fair worker switched off the game machine to make sure it was working just right. Fred sees the worker turning off the game machine. Fred thinks that the game machine is
Once upon a time, Sam was having a fun picnic at the beach. He had a yummy sandwich to eat. After finishing his sandwich, he planned to go see his friend. While Sam was happily watching the big blue sea, a cheeky seagull flew down quickly and sprinkled some salt on his yummy sandwich. Sam sees the seagull flying away from his picnic spot. Sam thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, Quin was playing at the park with his buddies. Quin wanted to show them how brave he was. But oh no! The park's gate was locked. While Quin was playfully challenging his friends to a fun race, the friendly park keeper arrived and opened the big gate. Quin sees the park keeper unlocking the gate. Quin thinks that the park's gate is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, bouncy castle. Little Sam was there, his eyes sparkling with excitement. He really wanted to jump and have fun in the castle. The castle was so big and full of air, just waiting for Sam to come and play. While Sam was having fun chasing a pretty butterfly, a naughty stick poked a tiny hole in his bouncy castle. Uh-oh! The castle began to get smaller and smaller as the air whooshed out. Sam sees the castle starting to deflate. Sam thinks that the inflatable castle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park full of pretty flowers, there was a little girl named Queenie. She needed a green leaf for her art project. She spotted a leaf that was very green and fresh. As Queenie explored the big park, the sun smiled brighter and brighter. The little leaf got all warm and dry from the sun's happy heat. Queenie sees the leaf dried up when she returns to it. Queenie thinks that the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Xander and his friends were having fun. They decided to make a big sand castle. The sand was nice and wet, just right for building. While Xander was picking up sticks to make pretty decorations, a bunch of playful dogs zoomed around the park. They stirred up the sand, making it all dry and fluffy. Xander sees the dogs running through the park. Xander thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Bella was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was searching for a fun book to read before her nap time. The shelf was packed with lots and lots of books. While Bella was busy looking at her picture book, the nice librarian quietly came over. She took some books from the shelf to put them away. Bella sees the librarian carrying away some books. Bella thinks that the book shelf is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Little Zara was there. She had a special gift for her friend. The gift was wrapped up tight and safe. While Zara was having fun putting up sparkly decorations, a silly kitty hopped onto the table. Uh-oh! The kitty ripped the paper on the present with its tiny paws. Zara sees the cat running away with a piece of wrapping paper in its mouth. Zara thinks that the gift is
Once upon a time, Dave was at a fun party at his friend's house. He needed to go upstairs to find his coat. The door upstairs was not locked. While Dave was having fun at the party, his friend's daddy came. He locked the upstairs door to keep everyone safe. Dave sees his friend's dad with a key in his hand. Dave thinks that the upstairs door is
Once upon a time, Mabel was by a quiet, still swamp. She was on a fun adventure to find a frog. She wanted to catch one to show her friends. As Mabel tiptoed around the swamp, making sure not to step on anything pointy, a friendly fish splashed by, making the water wiggle and wiggle. Mabel sees the ripples caused by the fish. Mabel thinks that the swamp is
Once upon a time, little Xander went to the doctor's office for a check-up. He wanted to be brave and not worry. The room was a bit dark because the doctor's light switch was off. While Xander was enjoying his storybook, a friendly nurse came by. She turned on a switch to make the room nice and clean. Xander notices the nurse flipping the switch. Xander thinks that the light switch is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a little boy named Ed. Ed had a funny joke he wanted to share with his friends. Nearby, a jug full of yummy juice was waiting for everyone to enjoy. While Ed was busy thinking up a funny joke, a playful doggie dashed into the room. With a wag of his tail, he accidentally bumped the juice jug and down it went, spilling juice all over the floor! Ed sees the spilled juice on the floor. Ed thinks that the juice jug is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Zara was all set to plant pretty flowers. She had her strong spade ready to dig little holes. While Zara was in her cozy home, asking her friend to come play, a playful pup from next door snuck into her garden. The cheeky little dog began to nibble on the handle of her spade, making it wobbly. Zara sees the dog leaving her garden. Zara thinks that the spade is
Once upon a time, Xena was having fun at a party, twirling and laughing with her friends. She had a cup of yummy yellow lemonade that was filled to the top. Xena wanted to take a sip of her lemonade. As Xena twirled around, giggling and dancing, a clumsy someone bumped the table. Uh-oh! The cup of sweet lemonade tipped over and spilled everywhere. Xena sees the spilled lemonade on the floor. Xena thinks that the lemonade cup is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Kira. She was having fun with her happy dog, Max. Kira had a shiny, plastic ball. She wanted to play fetch with Max. The ball was very, very shiny. As the day turned into evening, the sun started to go to sleep, making the ball look less shiny. Kira notices the sun setting. Kira thinks that the plastic ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was in a big forest, searching for some wood. He wanted to make a treehouse! He needed a big, strong tree to chop down. He had a very sharp saw. While Luke was feeling sleepy and took a little break, a friendly beaver came along. The beaver began to nibble on Luke's saw, making the blade less sharp. Luke hears the beaver gnawing on the saw. Luke thinks that the saw is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Amy was sitting on a bench. She had a big, red balloon that she really wanted to play with. The balloon was so big because it was full of air. While Amy was happily watching the birds in the trees, a sneaky thorn on a nearby bush was quietly letting the air out of her balloon. Amy sees the balloon getting smaller. Amy thinks that the red balloon is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He was playing all by himself in the park. Jack had a fun idea - he wanted to climb up the big statue of a man that was in the park. The statue didn't have any smell. As Jack hopped and hopped, a man with a cart full of flowers came near the big statue. Soon, the smell of pretty flowers was all around the statue. Jack smells the fresh flowers. Jack thinks that the man statue is
Once upon a time, Jill was at a fun party with her buddies. She thought of a silly joke to share, hoping to make her friends giggle. Her good friend, Tom, was wide awake and ready to listen. While Jill was busy thinking up a funny joke, Tom got so sleepy that he curled up and snoozed on the comfy couch. Jill sees Tom asleep on the couch. Jill thinks that the tom is
Once upon a time, in a bustling city, there was a man named Bob. Bob was on a quest to find a new place to eat. He found a food place that was open and ready to welcome him. While Bob was asking a friendly person how to get somewhere, the man who owned the yummy food shop had to shut it early. He needed to go to a special family party. Bob sees the owner closing the food place. Bob thinks that the food place is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy living room, Wendy was doing her morning stretches, just like a cat. She wanted to see herself in the tall, shiny mirror. The mirror was standing up straight, just like a soldier. While Wendy was doing her fun yoga stretches, her playful dog saw a squirrel outside. He got so excited that he bumped into the big mirror. Oops! The mirror wobbled and tilted to one side. Wendy sees her dog bump into the mirror. Wendy thinks that the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Carl and his friends were having fun playing soccer. Carl had a big wish - he wanted to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball was waiting on the ground, ready for Carl's big kick. As Carl was getting ready to kick the ball, a friendly doggy dashed onto the field. The playful pup scooped up the ball in his mouth, wagging his tail all the while. Carl sees the dog running away with the ball. Carl thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Kira was on a special mission. She needed some wood to make a warm, crackling fire. She had a shiny, sharp axe to help her. Kira was looking for just the right tree to chop down. While Kira was chatting with her friend on her phone, a cheeky squirrel scampered up and grabbed her axe. He carried it off to his cozy nest, and as he climbed, the axe rubbed against the rough tree bark until it was no longer sharp. Kira sees the squirrel running away with her axe. Kira thinks that the axe is
Once upon a time, Rita was in a big room full of books, the library. She wanted to find a special book. This book was on the very top shelf of the bookcase. The bookcase was tidy and neat, just like her toy box at home. While little Rita was happily exploring a colorful book on the bottom shelf, a friendly librarian quietly tidied up the books high up on the top shelf. Rita sees the librarian leaving the bookcase after rearranging the books. Rita thinks that the bookcase is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in her room, tidying up her playthings. She had a special plan for her teddy bear. She wanted to place it in its neat toy trap. But oh! The toy trap was all empty. While Zara was busy tidying up her toys, her playful cat leaped into the toy trap. The trap wobbled and bent under the cat's weight. Zara sees her cat in the toy trap. Zara thinks that the toy trap is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was sitting on a big rock in his garden. Ben had a fun idea - he wanted to make a house for the birds! He had a bag full of shiny, new nails that smelled just like new metal. While Ben was having fun sketching his smart birdhouse, a little skunk wandered into the garden. It sniffed around and then, whoosh! It sprayed near the bag of nails. Ben sees the skunk spray near the bag of nails. Ben thinks that the bag of nails is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny scooter that was standing tall and ready. Ed was excited to zoom around the park on his scooter. As Ed was happily putting on his helmet, a playful dog zoomed by and bumped into the scooter, making it tumble over. Ed sees the scooter on the ground. Ed thinks that the scooter is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Max went to a shop full of yummy ice cream. He wanted to get a big, sweet ice cream cone that cost a lot of pennies. The ice cream cone was as cold as snow. As Max was busy counting his pennies, the warm sunshine was gently turning his ice cream into a sweet, drippy puddle. Max sees the ice cream melting. Max thinks that the ice cream cone is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden full of flowers, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved the sweet-smelling poppies the most. One day, Xander decided to pick some of these smooth poppies to make a pretty bouquet for his mom. As the day got longer, the bright sun made the sweet juice in the poppies go away. Now, they didn't smell yummy anymore. Xander hears the bees buzzing less around the poppies. Xander thinks that the poppies is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pia was all set for a fun picnic. She had a yummy sandwich with cheese to eat. The cheese was hard and chilly. While Pia was having fun with her puppy in the warm, bright sunshine, the cheese in her yummy sandwich turned all gooey and melty. Pia sees the melted cheese when she opens her sandwich. Pia thinks that the cheese in the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a tall bridge. Little Quinn was standing on this bridge. He had a tiny toy figure in his hand. He wanted to let it fall into the river that flowed under the bridge. Quinn was up so high, he felt a little wobbly. Just then, a happy doggie dashed past, bumping into him. Oops! The toy he was holding tumbled out of his hand. Quinn sees the dog running away with the figure in its mouth. Quinn thinks that the figure is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite with a string all rolled up on a reel. Gabe was excited to make his kite dance high up in the sky. While Gabe was hunting for the perfect place to fly his kite, a cheeky doggie dashed by. The doggie gave the kite a little tug, and some of the string rolled out. Gabe sees the dog running away with some of the kite string. Gabe thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Tanya was at the beach. She was sitting in her little hut. Tanya had a big, flat piece of paper. She wanted to make a picture of her hut on it. While Tanya was looking for her crayons in her little hut, a friendly doggie came in. The doggie thought Tanya's paper was a plaything and had fun with it. When he was done, the paper was all crinkly and bent. Tanya sees the dog leaving the hut with the paper in its mouth. Tanya thinks that the paper is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the big zoo. She was standing near the cage where the funny monkeys lived. Zara had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to give the monkeys some food. In her hand, she held a bag. It was full of yummy peanuts. While Zara was cleaning her shirt, a friendly zookeeper came by. He took some peanuts from a bag to give to the chirping birds. Now, the bag was only half full. Zara sees the zookeeper walking away with some peanuts. Zara thinks that the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her house. She was getting ready for a fun party. She wanted all her friends to come. On her head, Yara had a still veil. While Yara was making pretty cards, a big wind whooshed in from the window. It made her curtain dance and twirl. Yara feels the veil fluttering on her head. Yara thinks that the veil is
Once upon a time, Greta was in the park. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take a special picture of a butterfly. Her camera smelled nice because she had sprayed it with her sweet perfume. While Greta was happily hunting for pretty butterflies, a playful dog dashed by. Oops! It splashed muddy puddles all over her camera. Greta sees the dog running away. Greta thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Little Lisa was there, but she was feeling a bit shy. She really wanted to clap her hands with the music and join in the fun. But oh no! The top of her water bottle was on really tight. As Lisa was searching for a peaceful place, a jolly doggie dashed past. He bumped into her drink bottle and the top spun off. Lisa sees the dog running away with her water bottle cap. Lisa thinks that the water bottle cap is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wanted to make a warm fire in the fireplace. The box of matches was not empty. While Ina was happily chatting with her pals, her playful pup found a match box to nibble on. Oh no! Now it had a yucky smell. Ina sees her dog chewing on the match box. Ina thinks that the match box is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Daisy and her nice dog, Max, were ready to play. Daisy had a fun game in mind - fetch! Max's toy was already on the ground, waiting for the game to start. While Daisy chatted with her buddy, a sneaky squirrel grabbed her toy and scampered up to its treetop home. Daisy sees the squirrel running up the tree with the toy. Daisy thinks that the dog's toy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ben was having a fun day with his friends. He had a special toy belt in his bag that he was excited to show his friends. While Ben was having fun playing hide and seek, a silly doggy came along. The doggy bumped into Ben's bag and, oh no! His belt tumbled out. Ben sees the dog near his bag. Ben thinks that the belt is
Once upon a time, Dora was at the park. She was excited to run on the path that went all around the big lake. The path was nice and clean, with no ice on it. As the sun shone brighter, the ice cream man's little cart wobbled and fell. Oh no! All the melty ice cream splashed onto the walkway. Dora sees the ice cream vendor's cart tipped over. Dora thinks that the path is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara found a special four-leaf clover. She wanted to keep it safe. She had a locket, and it was empty. Zara thought her lucky clover would fit just right in her locket. Zara was making her locket shiny and bright. Her friend Mia sneaked up and slipped a tiny photo of them both inside the locket. What a fun surprise for Zara! Zara sees Mia walking away from her locket. Zara thinks that the locket is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Gina was having fun with her toys. She had a big wish - she wanted to put all her toys neatly into her toy box. Her toy box was always tidy and neat. While little Gina was happily playing, her big brother burst into the room. He turned over all the toys, making a big mess, just to find his missing steak toy. Gina sees her brother leaving the room with his steak toy. Gina thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big city park, there was a little girl named Mabel. Mabel was having a fun day flying her kite. She wished to see her kite go way up high in the sky. The sky was a beautiful clear blue. While Mabel was having fun twirling her kite string, a big, noisy truck came and parked under a tall tree. It was so big, it hid the blue sky from view! Mabel sees the truck blocking the view of the sky. Mabel thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Nia was all set to have fun with her friends. It was her birthday, and she had planned a special day of playing games with a hoop. The hoop was there, waiting for the games to start. While Nia was happily chatting with her pals, a playful doggie dashed into the park. With a wag of his tail, he grabbed Nia's hoop and began to play. Nia sees the dog running away with the hoop. Nia thinks that the hoop is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Xander was having fun in the sandbox. He had a big dream - to build a grand sand castle! The sand was soft and perfect for shaping. While Xander was playing in the sandbox, shaping the sand with his little hands, a flock of birds flew overhead. They dropped tiny pebbles that made the sand feel bumpy under Xander's fingers. Xander sees the birds flying away. Xander thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, in a big, bustling restaurant, there was a boy named Finn. He was ready to pick his food. He wanted a big, yummy pizza. The menu was very long, filled with lots of different foods. While Finn was trying to pick a yummy treat from the menu, the waiter made a little oopsie! He tipped over a glass of water right onto the menu. Oh no! The water made the words go all blurry and they vanished away. Finn sees the waiter spill water on the menu. Finn thinks that the menu is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Lily was busy with her homework. She was excited to use her new pen, which was filled to the brim with ink. While Lily was lost in her book, her little brother sneaked into the room. He found her pen and started to doodle on the walls. Lily sees her brother leaving the room with her pen in his hand. Lily thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was in the bathroom, all set to have a shower. He was really looking forward to a nice, warm shower. The shower head was shiny and clean. While Fred was tidying up his fluffy towels, tiny bits from the shower water began to stick to the shower head, making it feel bumpy. Fred sees the mineral deposits on the shower head. Fred thinks that the shower head is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a little girl named Chloe. She loved playing on her most favorite slide. It was a huge slide, the biggest in the park! Chloe liked to go down this slide over and over again. The slide was so slippery, it made her go whoosh! As Chloe scampered off to the swings, the sun peeked out from behind the clouds. It smiled down, making the slide all dry and ready for her to play. Chloe sees the sun shining brightly on the slide. Chloe thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was at the park, watching his friends play a game of soccer. Luke really hoped his friends would win. They were playing with a shiny, new soccer ball. While little Luke was clapping for his team, a playful doggie dashed onto the field. The doggie grabbed the soccer ball with his teeth and scampered away, wagging his tail. Luke sees the dog running away with the soccer ball in its mouth. Luke thinks that the soccer ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Wendy was waiting. She had a shiny new ball with her. She was excited to play with her friends and her new ball. The ball was very clean and bright. While she was tying her shoes, a playful doggie dashed across the park. It scooped up the ball in its slobbery mouth and scampered away. Wendy sees the dog running away with the ball in its mouth. Wendy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, little Jack was at the bus stop. He was ready to go to school. Jack was excited to ride the big, bright yellow bus that shone like the sun. As little Jack watched a fuzzy caterpillar crawl, a big, noisy truck stopped in front of the bus. Suddenly, the bright sunlight was hidden. Jack sees the truck park in front of the bus. Jack thinks that the bus is
Once upon a time, Ollie and his friends were playing at the beach. Ollie had a long, smooth cable. He wanted to hide it in the sand for a fun game called "Find the Treasure". While Ollie was having fun making a game map, the cable was left out in the bright, warm sun. It became tough and tricky to use. Ollie touches the cable and feels it is rough. Ollie thinks that the cable is
Once upon a time, at the big zoo, Una was looking at the hippos. She wanted to snap a photo of the biggest one. This big hippo was close to the water. As she closed her picture-taker bag, the rich zoo boss came. He took the big hippo away for a fun show. Una sees the zoo owner leading the hippo away. Una thinks that the the biggest hippo is
Once upon a time, Sally was in her room. She was busy with her art project. She wanted to make a fun sculpture using gum. The gum she had was very, very strong. As Sally was happily drawing her special picture, her gum slowly turned dry and not so strong anymore. Sally touches the gum and realizes it has become weak. Sally thinks that the gum is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, there was a teacher named Usha. She had a bendy ruler, perfect for drawing straight lines on the big board. The ruler was as straight as a stick. While Miss Usha was playfully stomping around the room, a little student accidentally sat on the ruler. Oops! The ruler bent. Usha sees the student getting up from the ruler. Usha thinks that the ruler is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Abby was all set for fun. She had her best toy with her - a bright red jumping rope. Abby loved to skip and hop with her rope. While Abby was searching for the perfect place to play jump rope, a playful doggie dashed over her rope. He pulled it along, right through a muddy puddle! Oh no, now Abby's rope was all brown and muddy. Abby sees the dog running away with her rope. Abby thinks that the jumping rope is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Tina. She was having a great time. Tina had her eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear at the ring toss game. Near the game, there was an ashtray that was not broken. While Tina was busy playing a fun game of rings and pegs, a clumsy fair worker bumped into an ashtray. Oops! It fell off the counter and broke into pieces. Tina sees the broken ashtray on the ground. Tina thinks that the ashtray is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Quin. He was having a fun day playing with his fluffy dog. Quin had a yummy treat for his dog. His dog loved the treat because it was so tasty. While Quin was having fun playing with his puppy, he didn't notice the tiny ants. They climbed all over his yummy treat, making it taste yucky. Quin sees the ants crawling over the treat. Quin thinks that the dog treat is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was gazing at the clear, blue sky. Ollie was hoping to see a cloud shaped like a bunny. But, oh dear, there were no clouds in the sky today! While Ollie was having fun building a sandcastle, a big fluffy cloud was slowly floating across the blue sky. Ollie looks up and sees the big cloud in the sky. Ollie thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Ella. She was at her house, all set to begin her day. Ella had a special wish for breakfast. She wanted to munch on a slice of pie. The pie was as fresh as a daisy. While Ella was busy splashing in her bubbly bath, her playful pup sneaked into the kitchen. With a wag of his tail, he gave the yummy pie a big, sloppy lick! Ella sees her dog leaving the kitchen with pie crumbs on his snout. Ella thinks that the pie is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, Wendy was having fun with her toys. Her most loved toy was a cuddly bear. This bear always smelled so good. Today, Wendy decided it was time to give her special bear a clean. While Wendy was happily doodling away, her playful pup trotted into the room. With a wag of his tail, he gave the bear a big, wet lick. Wendy sees her dog licking the bear. Wendy thinks that the bear is
Once upon a time, in a bright little room, Nia was busy with her math homework. She had her math book open on her desk. Nia hoped to finish quickly so she could have time to play. While Nia was in the kitchen getting a yummy, cold drink, her playful dog, Spot, sneaked into her room. Spot picked up her math book with his mouth and carried it to his cozy bed. Nia sees her math book on Spot's bed. Nia thinks that the math book is
Once upon a time, little Molly was in a quiet park. She sat under a big tree. Molly had a new book to read. The book was just okay. While Molly was telling a squirrel to stay away from her snack, some children began to kick a soccer ball close by. Suddenly, the ball bumped into her book, making it wobble. Molly sees the kids playing soccer and the ball hitting her book. Molly thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, wet swamp, Molly was on a special mission. She was searching high and low for a pretty green frog. She needed one for her school project. She had a jar with a very tight lid, all ready to gently catch her froggy friend. While Molly was hopping on the squishy swamp to catch a frog, a sneaky raccoon quietly came to the jar. He turned the lid to see what was inside. Molly sees the raccoon playing with her jar. Molly thinks that the jar lid is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Pete. He had a kite, a special kite that looked like a fluffy, furry animal. Pete loved his kite and he wanted it to fly high, high up in the sky, even higher than the tall trees. But oh no! The string of Pete's kite was not tied. While Pete's eyes were glued to a passing train, a cheeky squirrel scampered up and tied a knot in his kite's string. Pete sees the squirrel running away from his kite. Pete thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her family went to the park. They were going to have a picnic. Their picnic basket was filled to the top. Fiona hoped it would be a fun dinner at the park. While Fiona was filling up the car with lots of things, their playful dog, Spot, sneaked up. He found the picnic basket and gobbled up some of the yummy food inside. Fiona sees Spot licking his lips near the picnic basket. Fiona thinks that the picnic basket is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Nia was busy making pictures. She had a big idea! She wanted to draw a big, green leaf. It was going to be a very special picture. While little Nia was having fun making pictures, a cheeky squirrel scampered over. With a quick flip of its tiny paw, it turned the leaf over, showing its pale underside. Nia sees the squirrel flipping the leaf. Nia thinks that the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys and laughter, lived a little girl named Tina. She was very excited because she was going to a party. Tina had a beautiful new dress she wanted to wear. The dress, as pretty as a rainbow, was hanging on the stair railing, waiting for her. While Tina was splashing in her bath, her big brother carefully moved her pretty dress to make room for his sports bag. Tina sees her brother leaving the room with his gym bag. Tina thinks that the dress is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Kira was having fun with her toy car. She was playing on a bumpy path. Kira had a big idea - she wanted her toy car to zoom down the hill! Right now, the toy car was not moving. While Kira was talking to her mommy about driving her toy car, a cheeky squirrel scampered by. It bumped into the little car and whoosh! Off it went! Kira sees the squirrel running away. Kira thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, Nora was waiting by a street full of cars zooming by. She needed to find a taxi to take her home. But oh no! The taxi's light was not shining. As Nora bent down to tie her little shoe, a person hopped out of the yellow taxi. The driver then flipped the taxi light on, making it glow brightly. Nora sees the light on the taxi turn on. Nora thinks that the taxi light is
Harry was at the place where cars go zoom-zoom, ready to drive his big, fast car. Harry wanted to go really, really fast around the big circle. The car's noisy vroom-vroom was working good. As Harry was slipping on his safety hat, a helper made a boo-boo. He dropped a tool into the big machine, and oh no! A piece inside went snap. Harry sees the mechanic standing near his car looking worried. Harry thinks that the car's motor is
Once upon a time, as the stars began to twinkle, little Sam was tucked up in his cozy bed. He was ready for dreamland, but not before a special bedtime treat. He had a brand new story book, its pages crisp and unturned. He asked his mom, with a sleepy smile, to read him a tale from it. While little Sam was snoozing, his big brother quietly came in. He picked up Sam's brand new book and started reading. As he read, he bent the corners of the pages, making the book look not so new anymore. Sam wakes up and sees the story book with folded corners. Sam thinks that the story book is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, Sally was at her desk. She had some homework to do. Her desk was as clean as a whistle. While Sally was snoozing, her little brother tiptoed into the room. He giggled as he spread his toys all over her desk, making a colorful mess. Sally wakes up and sees her brother leaving the room with his toys. Sally thinks that the desk is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little bedroom, Ruth was having fun with her toys. But oh dear! Her table was all messy with toys everywhere. Ruth decided it was time to tidy up her toy-filled table. While little Ruth was playing pretend, telling her toys, "It's bedtime!", her mommy quietly stepped into the room. She began to clean up the table, making everything neat and tidy. Ruth sees her mom leaving the room with the toys in her hand. Ruth thinks that the table is
Once upon a time, Wanda was in a peaceful park. She sat on a bench, ready to eat her lunch. She had a shiny, clean fork with her. While Wanda was chatting on the phone, a cheeky squirrel scampered past. It hid the fork under a pile of leaves, just like a secret treasure! Wanda sees the squirrel running away with something shiny in its mouth. Wanda thinks that the fork is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Iris was having fun with her toys. She had a special doll she loved very much. Today, she decided to give her doll a new look. She had a box, a box full of lovely dresses. Oh, how pretty they were! While little Iris was having fun with her toys, her mommy quietly stepped into the room. She picked up some clothes that needed washing and tiptoed out, leaving Iris to continue her playtime. Iris sees her mom leaving the room with some clothes in her hand. Iris thinks that the clothes box is
Once upon a time, Tara was in a park. She sat under a big, tall tree. She had a new book to read. She liked the quiet outside. The tree was very big and strong. As Tara chatted with her friend on the phone, sharing a tale from her favorite book, a little woodpecker began to tap-tap-tap on a tree. The tree wiggled and wobbled a bit with each peck. Tara sees the woodpecker pecking at the tree. Tara thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Sam was playing in the park. He felt very hot and wanted a chilly drink. Luckily, he had a bottle full of water with him. While Sam was playing a fun game of catch with his buddies, the sun was so warm that it turned the ice in his drink bottle into water. Sam sees his water bottle and notices that the ice has melted. Sam thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ike. He was at school, listening to a long talk. Ike thought it would be fun to draw in his notebook. He had a pen filled with lots of ink. Ike was trying very hard not to fall asleep. Suddenly, his friend accidentally bumped into his desk. Oh no! The ink pen tipped over and made a big, messy puddle all over Ike's notebook. Ike sees the ink spilled all over his notebook. Ike thinks that the ink pen is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella was all set to paint a picture. She had found a sparkly gem in the garden and placed it on the table. She wanted to paint that beautiful gem. While Ella was having fun making new colors with her paints, her playful cat hopped onto the table. Oops! The cat's paw hit the shiny gem and it fell onto the floor. Ella sees her cat jump off the table. Ella thinks that the gem is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Kate. She was in her garden, looking at all her pretty flowers. Kate had a big red rose she loved very much. The rose was very big and pretty because it was in full bloom. While Kate was in the house looking for her picture-taker, a very hungry deer tiptoed into the garden. It saw the pretty rose and, with a quick nibble, it ate it all up! Kate sees the deer in the garden. Kate thinks that the rose is
Once upon a time, at a sunny beach, there was a little boy named Ben. He was having fun in a sandcastle contest. Ben really wanted to win with his big, beautiful sandcastle. The sea was very far away. As little Ben played, making his sandy castle, the moon climbed up in the sky. The sea water started to come closer, bit by bit. Ben sees the tide coming closer. Ben thinks that the tide is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Zoe was all set to do her fun exercise. She planned to do a certain number of sit-ups. The grass where she sat was dry and nice. While Zoe was having fun counting her tummy crunches, a sprinkler nearby started to sprinkle, making the grass all wet and shiny. Zoe sees the sprinkler spraying water on the grass. Zoe thinks that the grass is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lucy was all set for a big race. She really hoped to be the fastest. She had on her shiny, new running shoes, ready to zoom! As Lucy was getting ready to play, a playful puppy dashed over and nibbled on one of her shoes. Lucy sees the dog running away with her shoe. Lucy thinks that the running shoes is
Once upon a time, Rob and his wife were at a fun fair. Rob saw a big teddy bear and wanted to win it for his wife. The game with the teddy bear was very noisy. As the sun moved across the sky, the teddy bear game's loudspeaker started to whisper. Its battery was getting sleepy, just like the teddy bears. Rob hears that the teddy bear game is quiet. Rob thinks that the teddy bear game is
Once upon a time, in a huge zoo, there was a zookeeper named Ivy. Ivy had a very important job to do. She had to feed the big, strong lion. The lion always ate fresh food. Ivy made sure of that. While Ivy was doing her everyday tasks, a cheeky skunk playfully squirted a smelly spray on the lion's dinner from far away. Ivy smells the skunk's spray. Ivy thinks that the lion's food is
Once upon a time, Fred was tidying up his old house. He decided to peek inside the attic, but oh no! The attic door wouldn't open. Fred was searching high and low for a big, strong tool to open the door. Just then, a friendly builder from the house next door came over. He opened the door with a gentle push to see if any water was sneaking in. Fred sees the builder coming down from the attic. Fred thinks that the attic door is
Once upon a time, in her colorful art room, Carla was busy with a fun project. She was making a pretty purple postcard to send to her buddy. All her other mail was plain white. As Carla drew pretty pictures, the sun began to go to bed. The room turned all warm and cozy, just like a big, soft blanket. The letters on the table sparkled like gold in the sunset light. Carla sees the golden glow in the room. Carla thinks that the mail is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Wilma. She was at the big train station, waiting for her train. She was going to ride the train to visit her friend's house. The train was ready and waiting on the tracks. While Wilma was picking out a yummy snack, a naughty gear made the train wiggle off its track. Wilma sees the train off the rail. Wilma thinks that the train is
Once upon a time, Bob was at the park. He was sitting near a big pond. Bob had a wish. He wanted to catch a big fish to eat for dinner. He had yummy bait on his hook. While Bob was making his fishing hook nice and sharp, a cheeky seagull flew down really fast and took the yummy bait right off his hook! Bob sees the seagull flying away with his bait. Bob thinks that the bait on his hook is
Once upon a time, Wendy and her little puppy were at the park. Wendy had a fun plan! She wanted to play a game of fetch with her puppy. She had a new toy for this game. The toy was not twisted. While she was telling her friend what she thought about the park, a funny little squirrel was having fun with a toy, turning it this way and that. Wendy sees the squirrel twisting the toy. Wendy thinks that the toy is
Once upon a time, in a room full of music, there was a boy named Quinn. He had a guitar in his hands. Quinn had a big wish - he wanted to make a new song. He had a tape recorder, and it was turned on. As Quinn was gently fixing the sounds on his guitar, all the lights went out and the machine that played his music stopped working. Quinn notices the room getting darker due to the power cut. Quinn thinks that the tape recorder is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pat was sitting on a bench. Pat had a big wish - to sip a big cup of hot cocoa. The cup was really big, just like Pat's wish! While Pat was clicking a picture of the pretty sunset, a playful doggie dashed past. Oops! It bumped into the cocoa cup and some of the yummy drink spilled out. Pat sees the dog running away from the bench. Pat thinks that the cocoa cup is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Yara saw a big green wall made of bricks. It was so pretty, she wanted to make a picture of it for her special art project. The green brick wall smelled really nice and fresh. While Yara was excitedly sharing about her colorful art project with her buddy, a cheeky doggie trotted over and tinkled on the big red wall. Yara sees the dog peeing on the brick wall. Yara thinks that the green brick wall is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a little girl named Ina. She was looking up, up, up at the sky. Ina had a wish. She wanted to see a shooting star. The sky was very clear. As little Ina was getting sleepy, a fluffy cloud gently slid across the sky, hiding it like a big, soft blanket. Ina wakes up to see the cloud covering the sky. Ina thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Mary sat on a bench. She had a yummy blueberry muffin she wanted to eat. The muffin was tucked away in her lunch box. While Mary was giggling at the silly squirrels' games, a big whoosh of wind popped her lunch box open. Out rolled her yummy muffin, just like a tiny wheel. Mary sees her muffin rolling out of her lunch box. Mary thinks that the muffin is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Ella sat under a cozy shelter. She had a toy car, but oh no! It was broken into many pieces. Ella really wanted to fix her special toy car. While Ella was busy searching for her tools, a funny-looking doggie came bounding in. With a wag of his tail, he bumped into the toy car. Oh no! All the pieces tumbled out of the box. Ella sees the dog leaving the shelter with a piece of her toy car in its mouth. Ella thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a big, big garage, Zara was all set to make a home for the birds. She had her saw ready to cut the wood. The saw was very, very sharp. While Zara was in the garage, asking her dad for a ruler, her little brother sneaked in. He found a saw and decided to use it to cut some yummy candies. Zara sees her brother leaving the garage with the saw in his hand. Zara thinks that the saw is
Once upon a time, Rita was in her garden. She was busy putting new flowers into the ground. Rita had a special job to do. She wanted to make a new place for her roses to live. The ground was very hard. While Rita was inside her house getting her garden tools, some children were playing with their soccer ball. Oops! They kicked their ball too hard and it landed in Rita's garden, messing up the dirt. Rita sees the kids retrieving their ball from her garden. Rita thinks that the soil is
Once upon a time, Hannah was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was looking at a book, getting ready for a big quiz. Hannah wanted to keep all the words from her book in her head. The book's page was flat and simple to look at. While Hannah was learning her book by heart, her brother came in. He didn't see the book and sat on it by mistake. Oh no! The page got all squished and wrinkly. Hannah sees her brother getting up from her book. Hannah thinks that the page of the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Nia was having fun with her colorful kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, touching the clouds. The string of her kite was all straight and ready to go. While little Nia was having fun running after her kite, a playful squirrel decided to join in. It took the kite string and twirled it all around a tree branch, just like a game. Nia sees the squirrel leaving the tree with the kite string twisted around the branch. Nia thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was at a place called the gym. He was ready to start moving and stretching. Fred wanted to play with a big toy called the cable machine. Guess what? The cable machine was not being used by anyone else. It was waiting just for Fred! While Fred was filling up his water bottle, a man with lots of money walked into the playroom. He began to play with the big string toy. Fred sees the wealthy man using the cable machine. Fred thinks that the cable machine is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Quincy was having fun with his toy truck. He had a big wish - he wanted to drive his truck on the usual path. His toy truck was ready to go, its battery was all filled up. While Quincy was talking to his mommy, asking if he could play a little more, his friend took his toy truck for a fun ride. He drove it here, there, and everywhere until the little truck couldn't go anymore because its battery was all used up. Quincy sees his friend returning the toy truck. Quincy thinks that the toy truck is
Once upon a time, Polly was at a big, busy airport. She was waiting for her airplane ride. She had a big, round bag to check in. Polly wanted to put her bag away and hop on the plane. While Polly was picking out a fun picture book, a helper at the big airplane house made a boo-boo. He dropped Polly's suitcase and it got all squishy and funny-looking. Polly sees the worker picking up her luggage. Polly thinks that the luggage is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny park, Yara saw a little mole. The mole was busy digging a hole right on the green grass. Yara wanted to snap a picture of this busy little mole. While little Yara was admiring the pretty flowers, a playful doggie ran after a tiny mole. The mole got scared and hurried back into its cozy hole. Yara sees the dog near the mole's hole. Yara thinks that the the mole is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, there was a little girl named Val. She had a pretty yellow kite. Val wished to see her kite fly way up high. The kite's string was tied tight to the handle. While Val was watching a bird in a tree, a cheeky squirrel scampered by. The squirrel accidentally bumped into the kite's string, and it slipped off the handle. Val sees the squirrel running away from the kite. Val thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny new toy, a laser that could glow in the dark. Ed was excited to show his friends how his toy could light up when the sun went down. His laser toy was working just right. While strong Ed was doing his push-ups to keep fit, a playful doggie dashed by. The doggie bumped into the laser toy and oh no! The toy stopped working. Ed sees the dog running away and his laser toy on the ground. Ed thinks that the laser toy is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Carl. He stood at the start of a big, green forest. Carl was excited for a day of adventure. He planned to walk and walk until he couldn't anymore. In his hand, he held a bottle full of water. While Carl was peeking at his big map, a cheeky squirrel hopped over. With a swift flick of its bushy tail, it tipped Carl's water bottle over, spilling all the water out. Carl sees the squirrel running away. Carl thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Cora was having fun with a game. She was trying to figure out the answer to the very last riddle in her big book of riddles. The book was wide open, waiting for Cora to solve the mystery. While Cora was deep in thought, trying to solve a tricky riddle, her playful cat hopped onto the table. With a swift swipe of its paw, the cat shut the riddle book with a soft thud. Cora notices her cat on the table. Cora thinks that the riddle book is
Once upon a time, Quinn was at the park. Quinn was sitting on a bench. Quinn had a big piece of bread. Quinn wanted to give the bread to the ants. The bread was very heavy. As Quinn was looking up at the birds, a cheeky pigeon flew down. It pecked at the bread and flew away with a big piece. Quinn sees the pigeon flying away with a chunk of bread. Quinn thinks that the piece of bread is
Once upon a time, Lila was at a big, fun show. She was excited to do her special dance. She hoped everyone would clap for her. Her dancing shoes were waiting in the cabinet. While Lila was twirling and hopping, practicing her fun dance steps, she forgot to close her cabinet. A gust of wind from a fan blew her shoes right out the window! They landed in a big puddle outside, getting all wet from the pouring rain. Lila sees her shoes outside in the rain. Lila thinks that the dance shoes is
Once upon a time, Xena was at a park. She was sitting on a bench. She had a new book with her. She wanted to read it all by herself. The book was not open yet. While Xena was fussing over a tricky thing, a smart lady came. She opened a big book and read a special saying out loud. Xena sees the woman reading a quote from her book. Xena thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, dark forest, there was a brave girl named Cara. She had a big dream. She wanted to climb up a tall cliff. Why, you ask? She wanted to see the beautiful sunrise from the top! The path to the top of the cliff was nice and smooth. While Cara was having a little nap, a bunch of tiny critters scampered across the path. They made the ground all bumpy as they went along. Cara sees the animals running away from the path. Cara thinks that the path is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Alice was about to play a fun game of hide and seek. She chose a great hiding spot, right behind the big door of the tool shed. The door was shut tight. While Alice was busy counting her pretty pebbles, a friendly park worker swung open the big green door to fetch his shiny rake. Alice hears the door creak open. Alice thinks that the door of the park's tool shed. is
Once upon a time, at a sandy beach, there was a boy named Liam. He had a shiny new boat. Liam wished to sail his boat on the big blue sea. But, his boat was tied to a tall pole. While Liam was on a fun hunt for his missing hat, a playful puppy scampered over. With a quick nibble, it snipped the rope holding Liam's boat to a big pole. Liam sees the dog running away with the cut rope in its mouth. Liam thinks that the boat is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Jill was all set to play a fun game of dare with her friend. She had a playful idea! She wanted her friend to try and hit a target with a pointy arrow. While Jill was sharing how to play the game, a cheeky squirrel scampered over. It nibbled on the arrow, making it as dull as a butter knife. Jill sees the squirrel running away with a piece of the arrow in its mouth. Jill thinks that the arrow is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Patty was having fun with her favorite toy, a pretty fairy. Patty wished her fairy could soar high in the sky. But for now, the fairy was sitting quietly on the table. While Patty was playing, trying to make her fairy toy fly, her big brother bounced into the room. He jumped and jumped, making the table wobble and shake. Patty sees her brother jumping around in the room. Patty thinks that the toy fairy is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a shiny football and a big idea. He wanted to gather all his friends for a fun game. The football was as smooth as a pebble. While Ollie was happily chatting with his friends on the phone, a playful dog found his football. The dog thought it was a chew toy and nibbled on it, leaving the ball all bumpy. Ollie sees the dog leaving with the football in its mouth. Ollie thinks that the football is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a girl named Greta. She was sitting on a bench with a big bag full of yummy food. Greta had a special plan - she wanted to feed all the little animals in the park. Greta was having a tough time opening her bag. Suddenly, a big gust of wind came whooshing by. It blew open her bag and whooshed away half of what was inside! Greta sees the food flying away. Greta thinks that the bag of food is
Once upon a time, Wendy was having a fun sleepover at her friend's house. They were going to a party! Wendy saw a shiny bracelet on the table. She thought it would be fun to wear her friend's bracelet to the party. While Wendy was busy setting up a fun party with her friend, the friend's kitty saw a shiny bracelet. The kitty, being very curious, gave it a little push. Oops! The bracelet tumbled off the table and landed in a bowl full of scratchy sand. Wendy sees the bracelet in the sand. Wendy thinks that the bracelet is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a little girl named Vicky. She was standing near a pen where the goats lived. Vicky had a big round bucket. It was filled to the top with yummy food for the goats. She wanted to give the goats their dinner. While Vicky was having a fun chat with the man who owned the farm, a cheeky little goat had a bit of fun too. He bumped into the bucket and oh dear, it didn't look like a bucket anymore. It was all bent and funny looking. Vicky sees the goat near the deformed bucket. Vicky thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, Pete stood in the post office. He had a bright letter in his hand. It was for his friend and had pretty, colorful stamps on it. As Pete started to feel sleepy, his eyes slowly closed for a quick nap. Just then, a friendly policeman switched off the big light in the post office to help save power. Pete sees the cop turning off the light. Pete thinks that the letter is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Amy was having fun with her toy drum. She wanted to make a big boom sound with it. The drum skin was on nice and tight. While Amy was happily making pictures, her playful kitty couldn't resist the drum. With a quick paw, the kitty scratched the drum skin and it came off. Amy sees her cat sitting next to the drum with the detached skin. Amy thinks that the drum skin is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ugo. He had a big, bright red balloon. Ugo loved his balloon very much. He wanted to show his friends how high it could fly up in the sky. The balloon was very big and full of air. While Ugo was excitedly asking his friends to come see, a sneaky thorn from a bush nearby gently popped the balloon. Ugo sees his deflated balloon next to the thorn bush. Ugo thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, Winnie was sitting at her big desk in her office. She needed to get new things for her office. Her paper tray was not empty, it was full up to the top! While Winnie was busy talking on her toy phone, her friend who always tells the truth took lots of paper from the box to make pretty pictures with the pretend printer. Winnie sees her co-worker leaving the desk with a stack of papers. Winnie thinks that the paper tray is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a special red seat that he loved very much. One sunny day, Ollie decided to read a book on his red seat. The seat was very clean and smelled really nice. While Ollie was busy fetching a ball that had rolled near him, a playful dog hopped onto his seat and left behind a stinky smell. Ollie sees the dog running away from his seat. Ollie thinks that the seat is
Once upon a time, Pete was sitting patiently in the tidy barber shop. He was waiting for his turn to get a neat haircut. Pete was happily reading a magazine in the barber shop when a bunch of silly kids came in. They ran around and made a big mess everywhere. Pete sees the kids leaving the barber shop in a mess. Pete thinks that the barber shop is
Once upon a time, Tanya was in a park. Right next to her was a big, tall building. This building was not like others, it was very old and special. Tanya had a fun idea. She wanted to make a picture of this big, old building. While Tanya was having fun with her crayons and paper, some friendly workers arrived. They began to work on the big building, making it look different from before. It wasn't old and tired anymore, it was starting to look new and happy, just like Tanya's colorful drawings. Tanya sees the workers fixing the building. Tanya thinks that the building is
Once upon a time, Lucy was in her garden. She was busy putting pretty flowers into the ground. She didn't want to get her dress dirty, so she put on a clean, dry apron. While Lucy was busy sneezing, the garden sprinkler suddenly sprang to life, splashing water all over her apron. Lucy notices the water from the sprinkler. Lucy thinks that the apron is
Once upon a time, in a tidy little room, Toby was all set for a cozy nap. His pretty, soft bed was waiting for him. It was neat and ready, just like Toby liked it. While Toby was busy cleaning his teeth in the bathroom, his silly dog hopped onto the bed. The sheets got all jumbled up because of his dog's playful jumps. Toby sees his dog lying on the messed up bed. Toby thinks that the bed is
Once upon a time, little Jenny was at the park. She was near a quiet pond with her toy boat. Jenny had a big wish. She wanted her toy boat to sail across the pond. While Jenny was searching for the best place to put her boat in the water, a bunch of ducks hopped into the pond. They made the water all wavy and bumpy. Jenny sees the ducks splashing in the pond. Jenny thinks that the pond is
Once upon a time, in a sunny yard, little Quinn was all set to open his lemonade stand. He had a big idea - to make his lemonade extra yummy, he decided to put sugar in it. He had a big jar full of sugar ready to use. While Quinn was having fun jiggling the lemons, his playful pup, Spot, bumped into the sugar jar. Spot gobbled up some of the sweet sugar that spilled out. Quinn sees Spot licking his lips near the sugar jar. Quinn thinks that the sugar jar is
Once upon a time, in a big, big forest, there was a boy named Harry. He was excited to go camping! Harry had a tent in a bag. He wanted to put up his tent before the night came. While Harry was snoozing, his silly dog had a fun idea. He tugged the tent from its bag and spread it all over, just like a game of hide and seek! Harry sees his dog playing with the tent pieces. Harry thinks that the tent is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Amy was having fun with her bright red ball. She loved to throw it high in the sky and catch it as it bounced back. The ball was as dry as a bone. While little Amy was having fun chasing a chubby squirrel, a man was watering the flowers. Oops! He didn't see Amy's ball and it got all wet from the water spray. Amy sees the man watering the plants near her ball. Amy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a tiny town park, there was a little girl named Lila. She had a brand new kite. Lila wished to make her kite soar high up in the sky. The string of the kite was very tight. While Lila was giggling at a playful puppy, a cheeky squirrel scampered up the tree. The tree had a kite tied to it. The squirrel nibbled on the kite's string, making it wobbly. Lila sees the squirrel climbing down the tree. Lila thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Vicky was busy. She had a mission! Her favorite toy car needed her help. The car's wheel was wobbly and loose. Vicky was determined to fix it and make her toy car zoom around the room once more. While Vicky was busy washing her hands, her clever kitty, Fluffy, had some fun. She played with the little toy car, spinning its wheel round and round until it was nice and tight. Vicky sees Fluffy playing with the toy car. Vicky thinks that the toy car's wheel is
Once upon a time, Harry was in his room. He was working hard on his homework. He needed a poem for his English task. His book of poems was really big and heavy. While Harry was having a little snooze, his playful doggie tiptoed into the room. With a wag of his tail, he pulled out some pages from Harry's book to munch on. Harry wakes up and sees the torn pages on the floor. Harry thinks that the book of poems is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a playful dog, True. Ollie had a fun idea - he wanted to play a game of fetch with True. True, with his tail wagging, was all ready for the game. Ollie was feeling a bit grumpy. He was having a little squabble with his friend. Meanwhile, True, feeling sleepy, curled up for a nap under a big, shady tree. Ollie sees True sleeping under the tree. Ollie thinks that the true (the dog) is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ula was all set for a fun day. She had a big plan! She wanted to make a video of her playful dog doing some amazing tricks. Her dog, full of energy, was ready to jump, run and play. As Ula got her camera ready, the sleepy dog dozed off in the cozy sunshine. Ula sees her dog sleeping in the sunshine. Ula thinks that the dog is
Once upon a time, Ellie was at the park. She was sitting near the lake. Ellie had a wish. She wanted to catch a big fish. She had a shiny, new rod to help her. As Ellie was looking at the pretty lake, a playful dog came over. It nibbled on her fishing rod, leaving little bite marks and making it change color. Ellie sees the dog chewing on her rod. Ellie thinks that the rod is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a bright, new kite. Xander had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to be the winner of the kite flying contest. The string of his kite was all tidy and wrapped around the handle. While Xander was having a fun chat with his buddies, a jolly little puppy scampered over. The puppy began to frolic with the kite string, making it all untwisted. Xander sees the puppy playing with the kite string. Xander thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Henry. He was in his room, getting all set for school. Henry had a big job to do - he needed to tidy up his school bag. His pencil box was so full, it was bursting with colors! While Henry was busy making friends with a cute kitty outside his window, his little brother sneaked into the room. He quietly picked up some pencils to make a pretty picture. Henry sees his brother leaving the room with some pencils in his hand. Henry thinks that the pencil box is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Tina. She was at the beach, sitting on a dry towel. Tina had a big wish. She wanted to swim in the sparkly sea. While Tina was making a sour lemonade, a big wave splashed and got her towel all wet. Tina sees the wave rolling back into the sea. Tina thinks that the towel is
Once upon a time, Jane was in her room. She was getting all dressed up for a fun party. Jane needed to find a lipstick that looked just like her pretty dress. She had a box with her lipstick in it. It was not hard to open. While Jane was playing dress-up, her little brother sneaked into the room. He saw a box of lipstick and, being a curious little boy, he opened it in a hurry. Now, the box was hard to open. Jane sees her brother leaving the room with the lipstick box in his hand. Jane thinks that the lipstick box is
Once upon a time, Vicky was at the park. She was excited for a picnic. She looked for a lovely place to sit and eat her yummy lunch from her basket. Inside the basket, she had all her most loved foods, all neatly packed. While Vicky was looking for a just-right place to sit, a silly doggie dashed past. Oops! He bumped into her basket and her lunch went flying everywhere. Vicky sees the dog running away and her basket knocked over. Vicky thinks that the basket is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, little Wendy was all set to begin a fun project. She had a big idea to create a funny pattern on her canvas. Her paint pot was filled to the brim, ready for her to start. While Wendy was drawing a pretty pattern, her friend accidentally knocked the table. Oops! The paint pot tipped over and made a big, colorful puddle. Wendy sees the spilled paint on the table. Wendy thinks that the paint pot is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Elsie. She had a playful puppy, Spot. Elsie had a fun idea! She wanted to show Spot how to catch a round ball. While Elsie was lovingly looking after her puppy Spot, a big boy stomped on their ball and squished it flat. Elsie sees the boy walking away with a flat ball. Elsie thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Nora was getting all dressed up for a fun party. She wanted her shoes to sparkle and shine. She had a can of shoe polish, and it was full to the top! While Nora was having fun choosing her pretty dress, her playful kitty accidentally tipped over the shoe polish can, making a big mess. Nora sees the spilled shoe polish on the floor. Nora thinks that the shoe polish can is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, little Qiana was having fun with her toy house. She wished for her toy house to stand tall and strong, so her dolls could have a place to play. The toy house was indeed very sturdy. Qiana was all set for playtime when her big brother strolled into the room. Oops! He bumped into her toy house, and it wobbled a bit. Qiana sees her brother leaving the room. Qiana thinks that the toy house is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, little Cindy was all set to play a fun game of hide and seek. She had her eyes on a big, tall tree to hide behind. Right under that tree, there was an old boot. As Cindy was rounding up her pals for a fun game, a playful pup dashed in. With a wag of his tail, he snatched the boot and scampered off, ready for a game of his own. Cindy sees the dog running away with the boot in its mouth. Cindy thinks that the old boot is
Once upon a time, Sally went to a birthday party. She wore a fun pirate costume, hoping to win the best dress-up prize. There was a delicious-looking cake on the table. As the fun party continued, the yummy cake was left out in the warm sunshine. Sadly, it didn't stay fresh and got spoiled. Sally sees the cake sitting in the sun. Sally thinks that the cake is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Toby was having fun with his toy lion. He wished his toy lion could roar loudly for his friends to hear. The toy lion's battery was tucked in tight and safe. While Toby was teaching his friends the secret of making the toy lion roar, a naughty doggie dashed over. With a swift bump, he knocked the toy lion, and the battery wiggled loose. Toby sees the dog knock the toy lion. Toby thinks that the toy lion's battery is
Once upon a time, little Lily was in her room. It was time to get ready for school! She had a pretty white bag for school. It was very neat and tidy. Lily wanted to pack her bag. Lily was busy packing her water bottle into her bag when her little brother, Leo, came bouncing into the room. With a big grin, he tipped all his toys into her bag, making a colorful mess. Lily sees Leo leaving the room with a big grin on his face. Lily thinks that the school bag is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Hilda was all set to play a fun game of catch. Her glove, as clean as a whistle, was waiting for her on the bench. It was ready to catch the ball, just like Hilda! While Hilda was playfully chatting with her friend about how to play their game, a playful doggie came bounding over. The doggie grabbed the glove with his mouth and scampered off, leaving the glove all muddy. Hilda sees the dog running away with her glove in its mouth. Hilda thinks that the glove is
Once upon a time, in a bright and busy lab, there was a boy named Jack. Jack had a special project. He wanted to make his laser shine bright. But oh no! The laser was not on. While Jack was busy doing his job, a big flash of electricity in the building made the bright, shiny laser light up. Jack sees the light from the laser. Jack thinks that the laser is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Hana was ready for fun. She had a playful idea. She wanted her friend to climb the big, yellow slide. But oh dear, the slide was very hot from the bright sun. As Hana was having fun with her fluffy pup, a large cloud hid the sun. The slide they were playing on began to feel less warm. Hana sees the big cloud covering the sun. Hana thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little one named Quinn. Quinn was sitting happily on a park bench. Quinn felt thirsty and wanted to drink some water. There was a tap in the park, shiny and smooth. Quinn decided to get a drink from the smooth tap. As little Quinn was happily watching the birds, a playful doggie dashed by. With a quick swipe of its paw, it accidentally scratched the water tap. Quinn sees the dog scratching the tap. Quinn thinks that the tap is
Once upon a time, in a faraway field, there was a boy named Sam. He had a big job to do. He was picking fruit to fill his basket. His favorite fruit was pears. There was a pear tree, and it was full of yummy, ripe pears. While Sam was happily gathering pears, a flock of chirpy birds swooped into the tree. They nibbled and munched on lots of juicy pears. Sam sees the birds in the pear tree. Sam thinks that the pear tree is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little girl named Tina. She was excited to play! Her eyes sparkled as she saw the blue swing, all empty and waiting just for her. While Tina was tying her shoes, some friends came over. They started to play on the swing. The sun made the swing look green. Tina sees the kids playing on the swing. Tina thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun party full of happy kids, there was a little boy named Quincy. Quincy had his eyes on a big, yummy cake. He wanted to win it in a game called the cake walk. While Quincy was snoozing, his friends quietly munched on the yummy cake. Quincy wakes up and sees the empty cake plate. Quincy thinks that the cake is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a big maze full of pretty flowers. Little Max was there, wanting to explore the maze. He hoped he wouldn't get lost as he journeyed through the maze. While Max was having fun drawing a big maze on his paper, the gardener was outside. He was busy snipping and trimming the pretty flowers. But oh no! The shape of Max's maze changed because of this. Max sees the gardener leaving the garden with his tools. Max thinks that the maze is
Once upon a time, at the zoo, there was a boy named Dan. He saw many animals, but his favorite was the gray leopard. The leopard was having a nap, high up in a tree. Dan wanted to take a snap of the sleepy leopard. While Dan was playing with his camera, the friendly zookeeper gently woke up the sleepy leopard to give it its yummy dinner. Dan sees the zookeeper waking up the leopard. Dan thinks that the leopard is
Once upon a time, little Vera and her buddies were playing at the park. Vera really wanted to slide down the big, smooth slide. But oh no! The sun had made the slide too hot to play on. As the sun moved across the sky, the wind started to play. It picked up tiny grains of sand from the sandbox and carried them over to the slide. The slide, once smooth, now felt a bit rough because of the sand. Vera sees the sand on the slide. Vera thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, little Lucy was at the sandy beach. She was gazing at the quiet sea. Lucy had a wish in her heart. She wanted to see a big, big whale in the sea. While Lucy was chatting with her best buddy on the phone, a big group of fish leaped up from the sea. This made the water all wavy and wild. Lucy sees the fish jumping out of the water. Lucy thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Wally. Wally was excited to play. His eyes sparkled as he looked at the big, tall tree. He wanted to climb up, up, up to the top of the strong tree. While Wally was busy making a knot on his shoe, a tiny squirrel hopped on a thin branch. The branch was so light, it fell right off the tree! Wally sees the fallen branch on the ground. Wally thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, little Ira went to a joyful fair with his kind aunt. He saw a big, cuddly teddy bear he wanted to win at a game. The game was noisy with lots of other children playing. As Ira was playing a fun game of tossing rings onto bottles, the friendly fair workers made the loud game music a little quieter. Ira hears the music getting quieter. Ira thinks that the game is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a man named Ron. He was standing in front of a machine that made round doughnuts. Ron really wanted to eat a yummy, warm doughnut fresh from the machine. While Ron stood quietly in a neat line, the man working the machine tweaked it just right to make doughnuts shaped like squares. Ron sees the operator adjusting the machine. Ron thinks that the doughnut machine is
Once upon a time, at a bustling fair, there was a boy named Hank. He was standing near a stand full of colorful balloons. Hank had a special wish. He wanted to win a big, brown balloon for his friend. The balloon was so big, it was filled with lots of air. While Hank was picking out a sweet-smelling perfume for his mommy, a little boy with a pointy pin walked by the stand full of colorful balloons. Suddenly, POP! The balloon burst. Hank sees the kid with the pin walking away from the balloon stand. Hank thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, in a park full of green trees, little Nia was on a special mission. She was hoping to find a tiny fairy hiding among the leaves. While little Nia was lost in her world of fairies, a friendly gardener came. He snipped and clipped the trees, and lots of leaves tumbled down. Nia sees the gardener trimming the trees. Nia thinks that the trees is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a man named Bob. He was sitting under a tall banana tree. Bob was feeling hungry and he wanted to eat a yummy, ripe banana. The banana was hanging from the tree, just like a little yellow star. While Bob was watching the children bounce up and down on the big trampoline, a little squirrel scampered up the tree. The squirrel found a yummy banana and started to nibble on it. Soon, the banana became all mushy from the squirrel's tiny bites. Bob sees the squirrel nibbling on the banana. Bob thinks that the banana is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun circus, there was a man named Xander. He was getting ready to do his special trick. He was going to juggle three shiny handles. They were very, very shiny. As Xander was feeling a bit scared and preparing himself, a clumsy circus helper bumped into the lamp that was making the handles glow brightly. Xander sees the circus worker knocking over the lamp. Xander thinks that the handles is
Once upon a time, Xena was at a fun zoo. She saw some big crocodiles. One crocodile was very big and very fast. It was swimming in the water. Xena wanted to take a picture of it. While Xena was getting her camera ready, a friendly zookeeper came. He took the big crocodile to another pool. It was time for the crocodile's lunch! Xena sees the zookeeper guiding the crocodile to a different pool. Xena thinks that the crocodile is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the park. She sat on a bench, waiting for the sun to go down. The sun was still way up in the sky. Feeling sad from her no-good day, she watched as the sun gently hid behind the trees. Zara looks up and sees that the sun has moved. Zara thinks that the sun is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Jill was having fun with her new kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, touching the clouds. The kite's string was very long, reaching far and wide. While Jill was playing a fun game of hide and seek with a buzzy bee, a cheeky squirrel scampered over. With a quick nibble, it snipped off a piece of her kite string. Jill sees the squirrel running away with a part of the kite string. Jill thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun fair, there was a little boy named Remy. He was standing in front of a big, exciting roller coaster. Remy really wanted to ride the roller coaster and zoom through the sky. But, oh no! The roller coaster's exit gate was shut tight. While Remy was getting his ticket, the man who ran the ride opened a big gate. This was so the people who had just finished their ride could come out. Remy sees the open exit gate when he returns from the ticket booth. Remy thinks that the exit gate of the roller coaster is
Once upon a time, Yara sat at her little desk. She had a big job to do. She was going to write a special letter. She had a big, empty envelope ready for her letter. While Yara was scribbling a fun letter, her playful kitty hopped onto the desk. With a swift paw, the kitty sent a tiny toy tumbling right into the envelope! Yara sees the toy in the envelope. Yara thinks that the envelope is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lily was all set to have fun with her pals. She had her heart set on winning the marble game. But oh dear! The bag of marbles was tied up really tight. While Lily was busy twirling and jumping with her friends, feeling warm from all the fun, a sneaky squirrel came along. It untied her bag of shiny marbles and cheekily took a few away. Lily sees the squirrel running away with a few marbles. Lily thinks that the marble bag is
Once upon a time, Polly was in a shop. She was looking for a pretty dress to wear to her friend's party. She found one she liked very much. It was a clean dress. While Polly was having fun trying on lots of different dresses, a customer accidentally made a mess. Oops! They dropped their coffee right on the dress. Polly sees the coffee stain on the dress. Polly thinks that the dress is
Once upon a time, Lucy was in her house. She was getting ready for a big, fun party. She wanted all her friends from the far west to come. In the middle of her living room, there was a big ice sculpture. It was very, very solid. While Lucy was having fun sending invites to her friends, the sun was playing its own game. It slid across the sky and peeked through the window. The sun's warm smile slowly turned the ice sculpture into a puddle. Lucy sees the sun shining through the window onto the ice sculpture. Lucy thinks that the ice sculpture is
Once upon a time, Jill was at the zoo. She was standing by the place where the big, fat elephant lived. Jill wanted to snap a picture of the elephant. The elephant was out in the open, easy for everyone to see. While Jill was getting her camera ready, the big elephant playfully strolled over to a large tree and sneakily hid behind it. Jill sees the elephant hiding behind the tree. Jill thinks that the elephant is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Polly. She was sitting on a swing, dreaming of swinging up, up, up into the sky. The swing had a strong chain that was tied up tight and safe. While Polly was giggling with her pals, a large doggy zoomed by the swing. The swing's chain wiggled loose because of this. Polly sees the big dog running away. Polly thinks that the swing's chain is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a little boy named Sam. He was busy planting beans from a full bag. Sam had a dream - he wanted to grow a really big bean plant. While Sam was hard at work making a hole, a curious little squirrel scampered over. It cheekily snatched some beans from Sam's bag. Sam sees the squirrel running away with some beans in its mouth. Sam thinks that the bean bag is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella sat at her desk. She had a big idea! She wanted to write a special letter to her best friend. But oh dear, her envelope was empty. While Ella was looking for a pen, her little brother sneaked into the room. He had a cheeky grin as he slipped a silly spider toy into the envelope. Ella sees her brother leaving the room with a grin on his face. Ella thinks that the envelope is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, Mary was busy giving food to all the animals. She had a big, strong cow that she wanted to tie to the fence with a rope. The rope was pulled very tight. While Mary was filling the cow's dish with hay, a silly doggie dashed by. He was chasing his ball and bumped into the rope, making it loose. Mary sees the dog running away from the fence. Mary thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, Wendy was in her house, tidying up her room. She felt like having a chilly juice from the big fridge. Inside the fridge, there were lots and lots of juice bottles. While little Wendy was happily sorting her colorful toys, her cheeky big brother sneaked into the kitchen. He opened the fridge and, with a mischievous grin, drank up all the yummy juice. Wendy sees her brother leaving the room with an empty juice bottle in his hand. Wendy thinks that the fridge is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, Quin went to the park. He had a brand new triangle kite. It was very pretty and perfect. Quin was excited to fly his kite high in the sky. While Quin was preparing his colorful kite, a playful doggie dashed over. With a happy leap, the doggie landed on the kite, squishing it a little. Quin sees the dog running away from his kite. Quin thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Amy was having fun with her friends. She had a big wish in her heart - to blow the biggest soap bubbles ever! She looked at her soap bottle. It was full to the top! After a fun walk, Amy's puppy swished his happy tail. Oops! The soap bottle tumbled and some bubbly soap spilled out. Amy sees the soap spilled on the ground. Amy thinks that the soap bottle is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Daisy. Daisy had a special kite. It was as light as a feather. She wanted to make it fly way up high in the sky. While Daisy was happily munching on her gum, a playful doggy dashed by. It picked up the kite in its mouth, making it heavier. Daisy sees the dog running away with her kite. Daisy thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, at a jolly fair, there was a boy named Carl. He was standing by a game booth, his eyes fixed on a big, cuddly teddy bear. The teddy bear was hanging from a strong hook, waiting for someone to win it. While Carl was looking at the price of a game, a big strong man came. He tried to knock down the teddy bear with a ball. This made the hook wobble and shake. Carl sees the strong man shooting the ball at the teddy bear. Carl thinks that the teddy bear is
Once upon a time, little Ben was in a place full of books, the library. He was on a special mission. He wanted to find a big picture of the world to hang in his room. The library had a big, beautiful picture of the world that had everything on it. While Ben was busy looking at his picture book, a kind old man with a long beard came over. He gently took a piece of Ben's map to use for his special study. Ben sees the old man leaving the library with a piece of the map. Ben thinks that the world map is
Once upon a time, little Will was at the zoo. He was watching the leopards. He wished to see the big leopard go to sleep. But, oh no! The leopard's bed was all empty. While little Will was enjoying his chilly ice cream, the friendly zookeeper quietly tiptoed over to the leopard's cozy bed. He gently placed a big, soft pillow there, making it even more comfy for the leopard's nap time. Will sees the zookeeper leaving the leopard's bed with the pillow. Will thinks that the leopard's bed is
In her big garage, Ingrid was all set to make her special bike all better. She needed to put oil on the bike's pedal. The pedal was all rusty and old. While Ingrid was on a fun hunt for the oil in the big garage, her super dad swooped in. He made the old, rusty pedal shiny and new again with a magic cleaning potion. Ingrid sees her dad leaving the garage with the special solution in his hand. Ingrid thinks that the bike pedal is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ben. He was having lots of fun with his new kite. It was a strong kite, standing tall and firm in the sky. Ben was very excited to show his kite to his friend, who was a pilot. While Ben was busy searching for his buddy, a playful pup dashed across his kite. The kite got all squished and wasn't stiff anymore. Ben sees the dog running over his kite. Ben thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Ula was all set to play. She was excited to play tag with her friends and hoped to be the winner. She had a juice box with her, filled to the top, ready for when she got thirsty. While Ula was playing a fun game of tag, her grumpy little dog playfully bumped into the juice box, making it tumble over. Ula sees the juice box knocked over. Ula thinks that the juice box is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Sam. He was in a big, beautiful park, sitting on a comfy bench. In his hands, he held a brand new kite. But oh no! The kite's string was not tied. Sam was feeling sad because he had a little fight with his friend. Just then, a happy doggy came running by, his tail getting all tangled up in the string of a kite. Sam sees the dog running away with the kite string knotted. Sam thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a fun and messy art class at school, Dora had a big idea. She wanted to show her friends how to make a big pot from a big lump of clay. While Dora was teaching her friends to shape the squishy clay, the tiny class hamster hopped onto the table. The little furball began to nibble on the clay, making it smaller and smaller. Dora sees the hamster on the table with the smaller lump of clay. Dora thinks that the lump of clay is
Once upon a time, in a very bright forest, there was a girl named Vera. She was on a special mission. Vera was looking for a very special tree. This wasn't just any tree, oh no! This tree had the brightest leaves in the whole wide forest. As the day turned into evening, the sun started to go to sleep. The forest became a little dark, just like when we turn off the lights at bedtime. Vera sees the sun setting. Vera thinks that the forest is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Finn. He had a colorful kite that he loved to play with. He dreamed of making it soar high up in the sky. But oh no! The kite's string was all twisted and knotted. While Finn was busy searching for a stick to help his kite fly, a playful doggie came over. The doggie wagged his tail and played with the kite string, making it all straight again. Finn sees the dog playing with the string. Finn thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a room full of colors and brushes, Xander was all set to make a picture. He wanted to draw a big, strong bald eagle. His pen was shiny and clean, ready to start the fun. While Xander was happily bobbing his head to the music, his little brother sneaked into the room. He found a pen and began to doodle on the floor. Xander sees his brother leaving the room with the pen in his hand. Xander thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Carl. He was sitting on a park bench, watching the busy street. He loved to see all the different cars zooming by. While Carl was busy looking at his colorful comic book, a loud and exciting parade marched down the street. The parade was so big, it made all the cars go away. Carl sees the parade passing down the street. Carl thinks that the street is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Fiona. She was at the park, looking at the pigeons. Fiona had a big bag of food just for the birds. The bag was full, ready to feed the pigeons. While Fiona was giggling at a playful squirrel, a big whoosh of wind came. It tipped over the bag and out tumbled some of the bird food. Fiona sees the bird food spilled on the ground. Fiona thinks that the bag of bird food is
Once upon a time, in a big red barn, Rita was busy. She was giving each of her horses a big pile of hay. The hay pile was so big, it was as tall as a hill! Rita was waiting, not so patiently, for the horses to finish their meal. Suddenly, a big whoosh of wind came into the barn and made the hay fly all around! Rita sees the hay scattered around the barn. Rita thinks that the hay pile is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Lily and her friends were playing a fun game of hide and seek. Lily needed to find a super secret spot to hide. She saw a big tree with lots and lots of leaves. It looked like the perfect spot to hide! While Lily was playfully arguing with her pals about how to play their game, a friendly gardener came. He snipped and snipped, making the tree's leaves neat and tidy. Lily sees the gardener trimming the tree. Lily thinks that the big tree is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ina was having fun on the swing. She had a big dream - she wanted to swing so high that she could touch the sky! The swing was nice and straight, and it didn't wobble at all. While Ina was having fun trying to swing up to the sky, a smart doggy dashed by. He bumped into the swing, making it spin around and around. Ina sees the dog running past the swing. Ina thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a girl named Rose. She saw a big, bright hot air balloon. Rose wanted to go up, up, up in the balloon. The balloon was big and full, ready for a fun ride. While little Rose was happily mixing her yummy ice cream, a kind man came over. He let some air out of the big balloon. He did this to make sure Rose's ride would be safe and fun. Rose sees the man walking away from the balloon. Rose thinks that the hot air balloon is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a boy named Ben. He was busy picking yummy vegetables. Ben was looking for a special red onion. But, this onion was tricky, it looked just like a white one! As the sun said goodnight, its glow made the onion look like a shiny red apple. Ben sees the change in the light. Ben thinks that the onion is
Once upon a time, little Sally was at the zoo. She saw a big rhinoceros. Sally wanted to snap a picture of the rhinoceros when it was having a rest. But, the rhinoceros was not sitting down, it was standing up. While Sally was searching for her camera in her bag, a friendly zookeeper came over. He gave the big rhinoceros some yummy food. The rhinoceros was happy and sat down to enjoy his meal. Sally sees the zookeeper walking away from the rhinoceros enclosure. Sally thinks that the rhinoceros is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Wendy was having fun with her toy gun. She thought of sharing this joy with her best buddy, Sam. Her toy gun was as smooth as a pebble. While Wendy was busy writing a special note for her friend Sam, her little brother toddled into the room. He began to play with his toy gun, his small hands covered in dirt, making the toy all messy. Wendy sees her brother playing with the toy gun. Wendy thinks that the toy gun is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Yara was sitting on a bench. She had a big bag full of peanuts. Yara wanted to share her peanuts with the squirrels. While little Yara was having fun twirling a leaf, a smart, old crow swooped down. It picked some peanuts from her bag, just like that! Yara sees the crow flying away with some peanuts in its beak. Yara thinks that the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Charlie was at the park. He was having a fun picnic under a huge tree. Charlie had a yummy apple with him. The apple was sitting on his picnic blanket. Charlie really wanted to eat his sweet apple. Charlie was very tired. He shut his eyes just for a little bit. Just then, a quick little squirrel ran up and bumped into the apple. The apple rolled off the blanket and into the green grass. Charlie opens his eyes and sees the apple in the grass. Charlie thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little girl named Nancy. She was sitting on a bench that was as colorful as a rainbow. Nancy had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to paint that very same bench, making it even more colorful and beautiful. While Nancy was busy cleaning her paintbrush, the sun peeked out from behind the clouds. It shone so brightly that it made the color of the bench look lighter. Nancy sees the faded bench when she returns. Nancy thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, Usha was in a shop full of gifts. She saw a sparkly diamond necklace that was very special. She wanted to get this necklace for her mommy. The necklace was kept safe inside a clear glass box. While Usha was having fun wrapping a pretty gift, the friendly shopkeeper showed a sparkly diamond necklace to another friend from its special glass box. Usha sees the shopkeeper showing the diamond necklace to another customer. Usha thinks that the diamond necklace is
Once upon a time, Zara was in the park. It was her birthday! She had a cooler full of yummy, cold ice cream. She wanted to keep it nice and chilly for her party. As the sun smiled brighter, the yummy ice cream started to turn into a gooey puddle. Zara opens the cooler and sees the melted ice cream. Zara thinks that the ice cream is
Once upon a time, Rita was in her garden. She loved her plants very much. One day, Rita thought of planting new herbs. She had a round pot ready for her new herbs. Rita was having fun in the garden, wearing her special gloves and taking care of her plants. Suddenly, her silly dog dashed into the garden. He bumped into the pot with the herbs and oh no! The pot fell and broke into funny shapes. Rita sees her dog running away from the broken herb pot. Rita thinks that the herb pot is
Once upon a time, Olivia was in a big store. She was looking at lots of paint cans. She wanted to find one that was blue. She saw a can with a label that said "blue". While Olivia was giggling at a silly joke her friend shared, a shop helper was busy too. He was changing old cans with shiny new ones. Oops! He made a little mistake and put a can of green paint where the blue paint should be. Olivia sees the worker replacing the cans. Olivia thinks that the can of paint is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Amy was all set to play her shiny, clean flute. She was excited to play a new song she had just learned. While Amy was mixing her yummy ice cream, a playful doggy zoomed past. He kicked up some gooey mud that splashed onto Amy's shiny flute, making it all dirty. Amy sees the dog running by. Amy thinks that the flute is
Once upon a time, it was Vera's birthday party. All her friends were there. Vera had a yummy birthday cake to share. But oh no! The cake box was very tightly closed. While Vera was happily opening presents from her buddies, her playful kitty hopped onto the table. Uh-oh! The box with the yummy cake inside started to wobble. Vera sees her cat near the cake box. Vera thinks that the cake box is
Once upon a time, Usha was at the beach. She was having fun making a sand castle. After a nice swim, she wanted to use her big, fluffy beach towel to get dry. The towel was all dry and soft. While Usha was happily watching the waves, a naughty boy with a squirt gun came along and made her towel all wet. Usha sees the boy running away with a water gun. Usha thinks that the beach towel is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Nora. She was in a class where she could play with clay. Nora wanted to make a pretty vase. The clay was hard and waiting to be made into something beautiful. While Nora chatted happily with her buddy, her teacher quietly slipped the squishy clay into the warm oven to make it hard. Nora sees the teacher taking the clay out of the oven. Nora thinks that the clay is
Once upon a time, little Mabel was all by herself in a colorful park. She had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to try the yummy ice cream from the ice cream truck. The truck was parked right next to the tallest tree in the park. While Mabel was basking in the warm sun, the jingling ice cream truck trundled to the other side of the park. It was time to bring joy and sweet treats to more eager children. Mabel opens her eyes and sees the ice cream truck on the other side of the park. Mabel thinks that the ice cream truck is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Cara. She was tidying up her room after a fun party. Cara had a special job to do. She wanted to make her trophy shelf neat and tidy. But oh dear, the trophy shelf was all jumbled up and messy! While little Cara was bustling around, tidying up her room, her mommy quietly stepped in. She lovingly dusted and arranged the shiny trophies on the shelf. Cara sees her mom leaving the room with a dust cloth in her hand. Cara thinks that the trophy shelf is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Nia. She had a playful dog, Spot. Nia had a light ball and she wanted to play a fun game of fetch with Spot. While Nia was happily giving Spot a yummy treat, a bunch of kids were having fun. They filled a big ball with sand, giggling as they built a funny, smelly sand castle. Nia sees the children playing with the ball. Nia thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, Toby was in a shop full of people. He was looking for a special present for his dad. He wanted to get a bright, shiny buckle for his dad's belt. But, oh no! The glass box with the buckle was shut tight. While Toby was looking at a bunch of pretty ties, the man who owned the shop started to clean the shiny buckles in a glass box. Toby sees the shopkeeper cleaning the buckles. Toby thinks that the glass case is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Sam. Sam loved to play football. He dreamed of running super fast and scoring lots of goals. The goal was big and empty, just waiting for Sam's football. Sam was all set to play with the ball, ready to run as fast as his little legs could carry him. But his friend Mike, who was playing as the goalie, suddenly disappeared! He was hiding behind a tree, busy tying his shoelace. Sam sees Mike hiding behind the tree. Sam thinks that the goal is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Gina. She was at the beach, looking at the big, blue waves. Gina had a wish. She wanted to see an octopus. But, oh no! The little pool by the rocks was all empty. While Gina was busy looking for pretty seashells in the sand, the sea water came in. It filled up the little pool in the rocks. And guess what? A tiny octopus came in with the water! Gina sees the water level rise in the rock pool. Gina thinks that the rock pool is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Sally was having fun with her kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, just like the birds. Her kite had a very long string. While Sally was tidying up her lunch box, a playful doggie dashed across the kite string. Oops! The string snapped into two pieces. Sally sees the dog running away with part of the string. Sally thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Faye. She was very excited because her birthday was coming up. She had a big party planned at her house. Faye had written lots of invitations for her friends. They were all ready to be sent out. Faye was very happy with her pretty invitations. But her silly puppy, Spot, found them! Spot started to chew on the invitations, making them smell like a wet dog. Faye sees Spot chewing on the invitations. Faye thinks that the invitations is
Once upon a time, in a shop full of toys, Rita was on a special mission. She wanted to find a pretend alarm clock toy for her little brother. This wasn't just any toy, it was a smooth alarm clock toy. In the bustling toy store, a helper clumsily let an alarm clock toy slip from his hands. It tumbled right into a box filled with scratchy sandpaper shapes, making the toy feel all rough and bumpy. Rita sees the worker drop the alarm clock toy into the box of sandpaper cutouts. Rita thinks that the alarm clock toy is
Once upon a time, little Juno was in a big library. She was looking for a special book for her school project. The book she wanted was way up high on the top shelf. It was tucked in tight between other books. As Juno, feeling a bit scared, was trying to get the book, a cleaner accidentally knocked the shelf while tidying up. This made the book wobble and almost fall down. Juno recognizes the janitor bumping into the shelf. Juno thinks that the book on the top shelf is
Once upon a time, Ollie was at the park. It was time for his morning run. But first, he needed his favorite pink running shoes. They were waiting for him in his bag. While Ollie was doing his big stretches, a silly doggy zoomed past. It picked up Ollie's shoes with its teeth and started to nibble on them, just like it was a chew toy! Ollie sees the dog running away with his shoes in its mouth. Ollie thinks that the running shoes is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Usha was busy with her old radio. She wanted it to play her most loved tunes. The radio's wire was just fine. While Usha was playing with her colorful wires, trying to match them like in her picture book, her playful kitty hopped onto the table. With a quick pounce, the kitty nibbled on one of the wires. Usha sees her cat biting the wire. Usha thinks that the wire in the radio is
Once upon a time, there was a brave sailor named Ed. He was on a big boat in the middle of the sea. Ed wanted to catch a big fish. The sea was very still and quiet. While Ed was getting his fishing rod ready, a big group of fish zoomed past, making the sea all wavy and bubbly. Ed sees the sea becoming rough. Ed thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Wendy had a big book filled with pictures. She found a shiny, big picture that she wanted to put in the very first spot of her book. This picture was big and it was new. While Wendy was dreaming about how the picture would look in her book, her little brother walked in. Oops! He tipped over his hot drink on the picture. Oh no! The picture curled up and looked like it was very old. Wendy sees her brother with the tea cup near the photo. Wendy thinks that the photo is
Once upon a time, Ugo was by the river, all set for a jolly ride. He had a bright red raft that he wanted to ride. The raft was safely tied to a big tree. As Ugo was getting his floaty vest, a cheeky squirrel was busy chewing on the string that kept the floaty boat tied up. Ugo sees the squirrel running away from the tree. Ugo thinks that the raft is
Once upon a time, in her colorful art room, Nora was all set to draw a fun picture. She had her favorite ink pen ready to use. The pen was filled up with lots of ink. While Nora was tidying up her colorful art things, her ink pen tumbled onto the warm heater. Oh no! The ink inside the pen became all dry. Nora sees the ink pen on the heater. Nora thinks that the ink pen is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Andy was all set to zoom his toy car. He wished his car to be the quickest. The toy car was very speedy. As Andy was playfully challenging his friends to a fun race, a speedy dog dashed by. With a wag of its tail, the dog playfully nudged the toy car, sending it to a new spot on the ground. Andy sees the dog running away with his toy car. Andy thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, little Rita was in the garden. She saw many flowers. But there was one she liked best. It was a tall, pretty red poppy. Rita wanted to pick it for her mom. As Rita played with the dirt near the poppy using a little stick, a tiny snail climbed up the flower. It munched on the pretty petals, and they began to drop off. Rita sees the snail on the poppy stem. Rita thinks that the poppy is
Once upon a time, little Ollie was having fun at his grandma's house. They were playing a game of hide and seek. Ollie had a special hiding spot in mind - the big, old safe in the basement. The safe was as empty as a bird's nest in winter. While little Ollie was spinning round and round until he felt all wobbly, his grandma was busy tucking some old books away in a special box. Ollie sees his grandmother moving books into the safe. Ollie thinks that the safe is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, little Lisa was having fun with her toy cars. She had a grand idea! She wanted to tuck her toy cars into a big cereal box she had found. But oh no! The cereal box was shut tight with a twisty lid. While Lisa was busy with her toys, her loud, playful doggie pranced into the room. With a wag of his tail, he managed to open the lid of the cereal box all by himself! Lisa sees her dog untwisting the lid of the cereal box. Lisa thinks that the cereal box is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Rita was sitting under a tree. She had a book she wanted to read all the way to the end. The tree she sat under was very dry. While Rita was busy flipping through her colorful book, a kind man came along. He had a big watering can, and he gave a drink to all the trees in the park. Rita sees the man watering the trees. Rita thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Tara was peeking into her closet. She was on a fun mission to find her most loved spicy perfume. The special perfume bottle was hiding somewhere in the closet. While Tara was having fun trying on a pretty dress, her mommy quietly walked into the room. She picked up the perfume bottle and placed it safely in the bathroom cabinet. Tara sees her mom leaving the room with the perfume bottle in her hand. Tara thinks that the perfume bottle is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a little girl named Gia. She was all set to make a big pile of leaves. She wanted to collect every single leaf in the garden. Her rake, standing tall and straight, was ready to help her. While little Gia was happily collecting a pretty leaf, a jolly doggie dashed over her rake, making it bend. Gia sees the dog running over the rake. Gia thinks that the rake is
Once upon a time, at a big, busy airport, there was a boy named Ben. He was waiting for his airplane ride. He had a special wish - he wanted to say hello to the pilot of his plane. The pilot was in the place where he flies the plane, called the cockpit. While Ben was playing a fun game of pretend airplane, a friend gave the pretend pilot a pretend cup of hot cocoa. This made the pretend pilot step out to pretend to cool down. Ben sees the pilot stepping out of the cockpit. Ben thinks that the the pilot is
Once upon a time, Daisy and her friends were having fun at the park. Daisy had a big wish. She wanted to visit the zoo. There was a tiny bird in a cage, and it was not sleeping. While Daisy was excitedly telling her friends about a fun trip to the zoo, the little birdie tucked its head under its wing and drifted off to sleep. It was late in the afternoon, after all, and birdies need their rest too. Daisy sees the bird sleeping in the cage. Daisy thinks that the bird is
Once upon a time, Andy visited a place full of dogs, called a pet shelter. He wanted to bring home a little, not expensive dog. The dog he liked had soft fur. While Andy chatted with the people at the animal home, a small girl came over. She gave the doggy a bath, but it made his fur all scruffy! Andy sees the little girl drying the dog. Andy thinks that the dog's fur is
Once upon a time, little Daisy was sitting in the doctor's room. She was waiting for her turn. Daisy had a picture to show her mom. It was a special picture of her arm, which was broken. The picture was very bright and easy to see. While Daisy was excitedly telling her mommy to snap a photo of the funny bone picture, the kind doctor turned down the bright lights in the room, getting ready for his next little friend. Daisy sees the doctor adjust the light. Daisy thinks that the x-ray is
Once upon a time, Polly was at a fun party at her friend's house. Polly's feet felt tired and she wanted to sit down. She saw a red chair in the corner. It was empty. While kind Polly was busy helping her friend clean up a spilled drink, a sleepy dancer found a comfy spot on the red chair. Polly sees the dancer sitting on the red chair. Polly thinks that the red chair is
Once upon a time, in a huge toy shop, there was a girl named Vera. She was looking for a special gift for her little brother. She found a shiny, new toy castle. The castle had a fresh, new smell. Throughout the day, lots of little kids took turns holding the castle. After a while, it began to smell like all sorts of yummy foods and sweet perfumes. Vera smells the different scents on the castle. Vera thinks that the toy castle is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara was looking up at the twinkling night sky. She was waiting to see a comet. The comet was zooming quickly across the sky. While she was blushing about stumbling over a stone, the shooting star began to slow down as it was flying away from our big, blue Earth. Zara sees the comet moving slower. Zara thinks that the comet is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Wendy was all set to play a fun game of soccer. She had a big dream - to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball she was playing with was not wet, it was dry. While Wendy was taking a little nap, feeling sleepy and her shoulder needing a rest, a cheeky doggie came along. He did a naughty thing and tinkled on her ball. Wendy sees the dog leaving the ball. Wendy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a shop full of music, there was a boy named Xander. He was looking at a big, shiny piano. Xander wanted to take the piano home, but oh dear, it was very, very heavy! While Xander was having a fun chat with the shopkeeper, some helpers came in. They took away the big, heavy piano and put a smaller, lighter one in its place. Xander sees the workers leaving the shop with the heavy piano. Xander thinks that the piano is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a room full of music. This is where Nala liked to play songs with her little band. One day, she thought of a fun new song to teach them. On the table, there was a bowl. It was filled to the top with yummy candies. While Nala was showing the band how to play their instruments, the funny janitor snuck into the room. He swapped the yummy sweet candies with silly sour ones for a laugh. Nala sees the janitor leaving the room with an empty candy bag. Nala thinks that the candy bowl is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Rick and his friends were all set to play a game of football. Rick had a big dream - he wanted to kick the ball into the goal. The football, round and full of air, was ready for the fun game too. While Rick was scribbling his name on his lucky football, a playful doggie dashed into the park. With a quick chomp, the doggie bit the football and whoosh, out came some air. Rick sees the dog biting the football. Rick thinks that the football is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Yara. She had a big, empty jug for a fun game. She wanted to fill it up with water from the park's fountain. While Yara was trying to fill her jug at the fountain, a silly doggie dashed by. Oops! The doggie bumped the jug and it rolled away. Yara sees the dog knocking over the jug. Yara thinks that the jug is
Once upon a time, in a big, hot desert full of brown sand, there was a little boy named Max. Max was on a special adventure to find a cool, refreshing oasis. He wanted to find this oasis so he could take a nice rest and sip some yummy water. While Max was looking for something, a surprise rain came and made the sandy desert all wet and dark. Max sees the rain shower. Max thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Wendy was in her room. She was getting all set for her friend's birthday party. She had a special present for her friend, sitting on her bed. Wendy wanted to wrap it up nice and pretty. While Wendy was having fun making the room look pretty, her playful kitty hopped onto the bed. Oops! The kitty bumped into the gift and it tumbled down onto the floor. Wendy sees the present on the floor. Wendy thinks that the present is
Once upon a time, Fred went to a fun party with his buddies. He was excited to sip his most loved fizzy drink. The drink can was chilly and silky. While Fred was happily chatting with his buddies, a sneaky hand placed the fizzy drink can next to a warm heater on a nearby table. Fred sees his soda can near the heater. Fred thinks that the soda can is
Once upon a time, when the moon was high in the sky, little Dan was in his room. He was busy doing his homework. He wanted to finish it quickly so he could tuck himself into bed. His furry friend, Fluffy the cat, was not sleepy at all. Fluffy was having fun playing with a tiny ball made of paper. While Dan scribbled away with his pen, his playful pet Fluffy, all worn out from fun and games, curled up for a nap on the soft, cozy carpet. Dan sees Fluffy sleeping on the carpet. Dan thinks that the fluffy (the cat) is
Once upon a time, in her backyard, Molly was making a big snow igloo. She had a fun idea! She wanted to put a tiny light in the igloo to make it shine bright. But oh no, the light was not on. While Molly was gathering more snow for their igloo, her playful dog, Rex, used his paw to switch on the light. Molly sees the light turned on when she returns to the igloo. Molly thinks that the light is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Fred. He had a shiny, round ball. Fred was ready to play a fun game of baseball with his friend. He wanted to throw the ball to his friend. The ball was as smooth as a pebble. While Fred was bending down to fix his shoes, a playful doggie dashed across the field. The doggie found Fred's ball, picked it up in his mouth, and nibbled on it. Oh no! The ball wasn't round anymore. Fred sees the dog running away with the chewed ball. Fred thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Max. He was at the park, watching the birds. He wanted to look at them for a very long time. He sat on a nice, clean bench. While Max was watching the birds play, a playful doggy dashed through the park. He shook his fur and sent dirt flying all over the bench. Now, the bench was all dirty! Max sees the dog shaking off dirt near the bench. Max thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful playroom, little Ella was surrounded by her favorite toys. She had a big idea! She wanted to build a castle using her box of shape blocks. The box was already open, ready for her to start her fun project. While Ella was having fun searching for the perfect shapes, her daddy walked into the room. He saw the open box and decided to close it up, making everything neat and tidy. Ella sees her dad closing the box of shapes. Ella thinks that the box of shape blocks is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Xander was having fun with his shiny new marbles. He had a big idea! He wanted to lift his marble up high and watch it zoom down the slide. The slide was all clean and dry, ready for the marble's adventure. While Xander was having fun playing with his marble, a playful doggy scampered up the slide. Oh no! It left its muddy paw prints all over the slide. Xander sees the dog running down the slide. Xander thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, Xander was on a tall hill. He had a new kite. Xander wished his kite could fly up, up, up in the sky. The kite had a very long string. While Xander was having fun setting up his colorful kite, a silly doggie dashed by. With a wag of his tail, he playfully grabbed a piece of the kite's string in his mouth and ran off. Xander sees the dog running away with a part of the kite's string. Xander thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Wendy was in a big, green valley. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take pictures of the pretty sunset. Her camera was working just right. While Wendy was getting her picture-taker ready, a nosy squirrel came over. It didn't mean to, but it bumped into the picture-taker and made it fall over. Oh no! The picture-taker broke. Wendy sees the squirrel running away from her camera. Wendy thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Otto was all set for a fun game. He was excited to run fast and win the race. The path was all clear and ready for him. While Otto was getting ready to run, a bunch of playful dogs dashed across his path. They kicked up a flurry of leaves all over the track. Otto sees the dogs running across the track. Otto thinks that the track is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a lady named Polly. She was looking at her pretty flowers. They were big and colorful. Polly wanted to take a snap of her flowers. The flowers were all open and bright. While Polly was fetching her camera from inside, a gentle breeze came by. It made the petals from the flowers flutter down to the ground. Polly sees the petals on the ground when she returns. Polly thinks that the flowers is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Carl. He was on a boat in the big blue sea. Carl had a dream - he wanted to catch a big fish for his dinner. He held his straight fishing rod, ready for the big catch. While Carl was opening a jar of salt, a big fish nibbled his bait and tugged really hard, making his fishing rod bend. Carl sees the bent fishing rod. Carl thinks that the fishing rod is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Ed. He had a colorful kite. Ed really wanted his kite to soar up, up, up in the sky. But right now, the kite was still on the ground. While Ed was busy fixing his knotted kite string, a silly doggie came bounding by. With a wag of its tail, the doggie scooped up Ed's kite in its mouth and scampered off, taking the kite on a fun little adventure. Ed sees the dog running away with his kite. Ed thinks that the kite is
Jake was at the park, excited to ride his big, strong motorcycle. He couldn't wait to show his friends all the fun tricks he could do. While Jake was chatting with his pals, some children playing close by accidentally bumped his motorbike with their ball. Oops! It made a little boo-boo on the bike. Jake sees the kids hitting his motorcycle with the football. Jake thinks that the motorcycle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Pete. He was in his room, getting all dressed up. It was a special day! His best friend was having a birthday party. Pete wanted to look his best. He had a shiny, clean comb to brush his hair. While Pete was busy making a wish for a day full of fun, his little puppy, full of mischief, quietly tiptoed into the room. The playful pup found Pete's comb and decided it would make a great chew toy! Pete sees his puppy chewing on the comb. Pete thinks that the comb is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Vicky was watching some friends play a game of football. She really wanted to join them. The football was sitting right there on the ground, waiting to be kicked. While Vicky was gently helping her friend who had a little tumble, a playful doggie dashed into the park. The doggie found a football and quickly scooped it up in his mouth, ready for a game. Vicky sees the dog running away with the football. Vicky thinks that the football is
In a room full of toys, little Bob was ready for a fun adventure. He had a special toy train on the floor. Bob was excited to use his train to tell a wonderful story. As Bob was sharing his story in a big bossy voice, his playful dog, Spot, came bouncing into the room. With a wag of his tail, Spot accidentally bumped the toy train and it tumbled off the floor. Bob sees Spot knocking the train off the floor. Bob thinks that the toy train is
Once upon a time, Eli was in a big, tall building. He was waiting for the elevator because he wanted to see his old friend who lived all the way up on the top floor. The elevator was working just right. While Eli was busy pretending not to hear his ringing phone, a friendly fix-it man stopped the lift to make sure it was working just right. Eli sees the maintenance worker turning off the elevator. Eli thinks that the elevator is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, there was a boy named Jack. He was busy feeding the clucking chickens. He had a big, full bag of yellow corn. Jack wanted to share all the corn with the chickens. While Jack was happily playing with the chickens, a tiny hole appeared in his bag. Little by little, corn began to tumble out. Jack sees the corn spilling out of the bag. Jack thinks that the bag of corn is
Once upon a time, little Emma was in her room. She was busy with a fun puzzle. She hoped to complete it before it was time to eat dinner. The puzzle sat nicely on her table, not moving at all. While Emma was busy searching for her cozy sweater in the big closet, her playful kitty hopped onto the table. The puzzle on the table wobbled and shook because of her kitty's jump. Emma sees her cat sitting on the shaky puzzle. Emma thinks that the puzzle is
Once upon a time, in a happy park full of fun, Val was waiting to play a game of mini golf. Val had his eyes on a big prize, a yummy steak. The steak was kept safe inside a clear glass box. As Val was about to hit the winning shot, a silly park helper, who was holding a tray full of yummy drinks, tripped. Oh no! His tray tipped over and splashed onto the glass box. The steak inside tumbled out. Val sees the park worker trip and spill his tray on the glass case. Val thinks that the steak is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Wendy was having fun playing hide and seek with her buddies. Wendy's job was to find all her friends who were hiding. She spotted a big tree with a hole in its trunk. While Wendy was counting, a funny squirrel scurried over. It took all its acorns and tucked them into the hollow. Now, the hollow was all filled up with acorns! Wendy sees the squirrel moving its stash of acorns into the hollow. Wendy thinks that the tree hollow. is
Once upon a time, in a big toy store, there was a mom named Pam. She was looking for a special gift for her little boy. She saw a robot. It was switched on and ready to play. While little Pam was happily exploring other toys, a kind store helper gently switched off the robot to keep its battery full. Pam sees the store worker turning off the robot. Pam thinks that the robot is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Xander was busy building a sand castle. He had a fun idea! He wanted to make a pirate ship next to his castle. The sand was nice and wet, perfect for shaping. While little Xander was having fun hunting for pretty shells, the bright sun peeked out and made the sandy beach all dry and warm. Xander sees the sun shining brightly. Xander thinks that the sand. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Una was sitting on a bench. She had a special job to do. She wanted to fix her old kite. The kite's string was not tight. While Una was busy fixing a new tail on her kite, a silly doggie came running. He playfully pulled on the kite string, making it long and stretchy. Una sees the dog running away with the stretched kite string. Una thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Kira was sitting at her desk. She had a big test tomorrow and she wanted to study. Her book was on her desk, but it was closed. While Kira was learning from her big book, her cute little kitty hopped up on the desk. With a swift paw, the kitten flipped open the storybook. Kira sees her kitten on the desk with the novel open. Kira thinks that the novel is
Once upon a time, little Amy was at the park. She loved watching the birds. She had a big idea! She wanted to make a picture of the birds from her garden. But oh no! The rope in her garden was all mixed up. While Amy was watching a curious squirrel in the park, a kind worker came and fixed the tangled rope. Amy sees the park worker untangling the rope. Amy thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Quinn was gazing at his big, big fridge. He wanted to grab a chilly drink from inside it. The fridge was neat and tidy, just like a toy box. While Quinn was scribbling his name on a birthday card for his mommy, his playful dog dashed into the room. With a big woof and a wag of his tail, he bumped into the fridge. Oh no! The fridge tipped over and made a big mess all over the floor. Quinn sees his dog running out of the room. Quinn thinks that the refrigerator is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Joe. He had a fluffy dog, Max. They loved to play together. One day, Joe had a bright green ball. It was new and shiny. Joe wanted to play a fun game of fetch with Max. While Joe was carefully writing on a birthday card for his buddy Max, Max, who was feeling a little hungry, decided to nibble on the ball. Oops! Now, the ball wasn't new and shiny anymore. Joe sees Max with the ball in his mouth. Joe thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in his little room, Xander was getting all dressed up for a fun party. He was very excited to put on his shiny new shoes. But oh no! His shoelaces were not tied up. While Xander was busy tickling a tickle on his arm, his friendly dog, Rover, trotted into the room. Rover was feeling playful and decided to have some fun with Xander's shoelaces, tying them into a funny knot. Xander sees Rover leaving the room, shoelaces in his mouth. Xander thinks that the shoelaces is
Once upon a time, at a sandy beach, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved watching the big, blue waves. One day, he saw a seal with skin as smooth as a pebble. Xander wished he could touch it. While Xander was feeling a little scared and unsure, the playful seal was having fun, rolling around in the sand to make its skin all bumpy and rough. Xander sees the seal rolling in the sand. Xander thinks that the seal's skin is
Once upon a time, in a room full of art, Lola was ready to make a new painting. She wanted to use her new pastels to make a lovely picture. The pastels were all lined up in a tidy row. Lola was a little shy as she showed her art teacher her newest painting. Just then, a playful cat hopped onto the table, sending the colorful pastels flying everywhere! Lola sees the cat jumping off the table. Lola thinks that the pastels is
Once upon a time, in a little boy named Sam's room, there was a fun toy castle. Sam had a toy king who needed his crown. The crown was all ready, not twisted at all. It was time to put it on the toy king's head. While Sam was hard at work building his castle, his playful kitty hopped onto the table. The curious cat began to play with the shiny crown, turning it this way and that. Sam sees his cat playing with the crown. Sam thinks that the crown is
Once upon a time, in a cozy room, Ollie was sitting on his comfy bed. He had a special book he loved very much, called "The Secret Forest". But right now, the book was shut tight. Ollie was shaking like a leaf, so eager to read his book. Just then, his big brother walked in. He opened the book, looking for a special page. He had left a note there. Ollie sees his brother leaving the room with the book open. Ollie thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a bright little room, Ugo was all set to do his homework. He had a special tube of blue paint that he loved very much. He wanted to use it to write his name. The tube of paint was standing tall on his desk, waiting for him. While Ugo was tidying up his very messy room, his playful kitty hopped onto the desk. Oops! The kitty bumped into the tube of paint and it tumbled over. Ugo sees the tube of paint laying on its side on the desk. Ugo thinks that the tube of paint is
Once upon a time, Ollie was at a big ranch, looking after the horses. Ollie dreamed of being a cowboy all by himself. But oh no! The rope he used to tie the horses was all tangled up. While Ollie was helping a hurt horse, a silly little puppy came over. He wagged his tail and with his tiny teeth, he untied the rope's knot. Ollie sees the puppy playing with the untied rope. Ollie thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Nia was all set to make a pretty picture. She had a big blue crayon in her hand. She wanted to use it to draw a beautiful sky. While Nia was deeply lost in her big book of drawings, searching for fun ideas, her playful dog trotted into the room. With a wag of his tail, he picked up the blue crayon and began to chew it, just like a bone! Nia sees her dog leaving the room with the blue crayon in its mouth. Nia thinks that the blue crayon is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Rita found a big, bright red flower. She thought, "I must send a picture of this big flower to my friend!" As the big, bright sun began to go to sleep, the light turned soft and gentle. The pretty flower, which was usually red, now looked like a lovely shade of pink. Rita sees the change in the flower's color. Rita thinks that the flower is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big pear tree. Little Jack was there. He wanted to get a yummy pear for his mommy. But oh no! The pear was way up high in the tree. While Jack was searching for a big stick to get the yummy pear, a quick little squirrel ran up the tree. The squirrel bumped into the pear and down it tumbled, right to Jack! Jack sees the pear on the ground. Jack thinks that the pear is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Uma was watching a fun movie on her shiny computer. She was excited to share the story of the movie with her friend. The computer screen was glowing brightly. While she was chatting with her friend on her phone, her little brother came into the room. He turned the knob on the computer screen and it became less bright. Uma sees her brother leaving the room. Uma thinks that the computer screen is
Ina was in her room, all set to go to a fun party. She had new blue pants she wanted to wear. The pants were just right and they fit her just like a glove. While Ina was combing her long, shiny hair, her little puppy, full of energy, hopped onto her pants. With a quick tug, he accidentally ripped them! Ina sees her puppy playing with the torn pants. Ina thinks that the pants is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a boy named Xander. He loved taking care of the horses. One sunny day, Xander decided to clean the horse's home, the stable. But oh no! The door to the stable was all twisty and funny. While Xander was playing a fun game of tag with a silly chicken, a big, strong horse nudged the barn door open with his nose. The door swung wide open because it wasn't twisted shut anymore. Xander notices the horse near the stable door. Xander thinks that the stable door is
Once upon a time, little Kiki was in a magical toy store. She was searching for a special toy fork for her beloved doll. But oh no! The toy fork was way up high, on the very top shelf. While Kiki was busy exploring other fun toys, a friendly store helper quietly moved her toy fork to a shelf that was easier for little hands to reach. Kiki sees the store worker moving the toy fork to a lower shelf. Kiki thinks that the toy fork is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Queenie. She was in her cozy room, feeling sleepy. Queenie wished to rest her head on her fluffy pillow. The pillow was waiting for her on her comfy bed. While Queenie was busy cleaning her teeth in the bathroom, her clever kitty hopped onto the bed. With a playful push, the cat tucked the pillow right under the bed. Queenie sees the pillow under the bed when she returns from the bathroom. Queenie thinks that the pillow is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, Rita was busy gathering yummy fruits. She had a big plan! She wanted to turn these juicy fruits into delicious jam. Her fruit basket was tidy and full, all ready for her fun jam-making adventure. As Rita was choosing a fruit from her basket, her silly dog, Max, dashed through the garden. He bumped into the basket and oh no! All the fruits tumbled out and rolled everywhere. Rita sees Max running away from the overturned fruit basket. Rita thinks that the fruit basket is
Once upon a time, Dana was at the beach. She was on a special mission to find a big, beautiful shell. But oh dear, the sand was just plain, with no shells to be seen anywhere. As the sea water danced closer, it brought a big, lovely shell to the sandy beach. Dana sees the tide coming in. Dana thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, at the big zoo, Xena was watching the funny penguins. She had a wish to snap a picture of a penguin whooshing down the icy slide. There was one penguin who was not sleepy at all, and was very busy playing. After a whole day of fun and games, the little penguin was so tired that he closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep. Xena sees the penguin sleeping. Xena thinks that the penguin is
Once upon a time, in a big park, little Poppy sat on a bench. She was looking for her toy box. It was hiding in the tall, green grass. While Poppy was admiring the pretty flowers and practicing her smile, a playful dog appeared. He frolicked in the green grass, revealing a hidden toy box. Poppy sees the dog playing in the grass. Poppy thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Sam was busy making a big, round sand castle. He wanted his castle to look just like a fun, twirly hurricane. While Sam was off getting more sand, the sneaky tide crept in. It played with the sand castle, making it look all funny and different. Sam sees the tide coming in. Sam thinks that the sand castle is
Once upon a time, little Oliver was cozy at home. He was watching his most loved cartoon. He had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to make a picture of the cartoon's hero. His drawing paper was as white as snow, waiting for Oliver's colorful drawing. As little Oliver was sorting his rainbow pencils, his kind kitty padded across his paper. Her tiny paws left cute prints all over it! Oliver sees the paw prints on the paper. Oliver thinks that the drawing paper. is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Dan and his friends were there. Dan had a big job to do. He wanted to make the party special by filling lots of big balloons with gas from a big tank. While Dan was happily munching on his yummy cake, his friends were having fun too. They used the gas to puff up their balloons. The tank they used became small because of this. Dan sees his friends blowing up balloons with the gas. Dan thinks that the gas tank is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a shiny, new red ball. Ollie's dream was to kick his ball right into the goal. His ball was as smooth as a pebble. While little Ollie was dashing towards the door to grab a yummy drink, a playful pup spotted the ball. With a wag of his tail, the pup began to nibble on it. Ollie sees the dog chewing his ball. Ollie thinks that the red ball is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Anna. She went to the store to get some food. She wanted a yummy, ripe orange. But oh no! The oranges were in a box that was very high up. While little Anna was happily gazing at the shiny red apples, a helpful store worker quietly moved the bright oranges to a box closer to the ground. Anna sees the store worker moving the oranges to a lower box. Anna thinks that the box of oranges is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Andy. He was sitting on a bench with a big pile of bricks. Andy had a fun idea - he wanted to build a very tall tower with his bricks. As Andy opened his mouth wide for a big yawn, a speedy dog dashed by. With a wag of his tail, he accidentally bumped into some bricks, and down they tumbled! Andy sees the dog running away with some bricks scattered on the ground. Andy thinks that the pile of bricks is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, Kelly was all set to paint a beautiful picture. She had a brand new paintbrush in her hand. It was as dry as a bone, ready to be dipped into the vibrant colors of paint. While Kelly was having a little snooze, her buddy came over. With a giggle, they dipped the paintbrush into some water. Kelly sees her friend leaving the classroom with the wet paintbrush. Kelly thinks that the paintbrush is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She was sitting on a bench. She had a book with her. It was a nice book with a smooth cover. Ina wanted to read her book. As Ina was looking for a calm place, a playful doggie dashed past. The doggie, full of joy, nibbled on her book cover, making it all bumpy. Ina sees the dog running away with something in its mouth. Ina thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Remy was having fun with his toy car. He had a special race track built just for it. The wheels of the toy car were as smooth as ice. While Remy was having fun building his race track, his fluffy cat, Misty, found a new toy. She played with the tiny car, her sharp claws scratching the wheels until they felt rough. Remy sees Misty playing with his toy car. Remy thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, little Rita was in her room. It was time to get ready for school. Rita had a pair of blue pants that she loved very much. These pants were hanging in her closet, waiting for her to wear them. While Rita was busy scrubbing her teeth clean, her mommy quietly walked in. She picked up Rita's dirty pants and tucked them into the laundry basket. Rita sees her mom leaving her room with the blue pants. Rita thinks that the blue pants is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a fun baseball game. Little Val was there, dreaming of hitting a big home run. The baseball was waiting near the bat, ready for the game to start. As Val was tying his shoes to bat, a playful doggie dashed onto the field. With a wag of his tail, he scooped up the baseball in his mouth and scampered away. Val sees the dog running away with the baseball. Val thinks that the baseball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Quinn. He was excited to play a fun game. He had a dream to be part of his friends' special club. They had a cool secret handshake that was as smooth as a slide. Quinn was feeling a bit nervous. He was trying hard to remember a special handshake. Just then, a playful dog came bounding over. The dog started to play in the sand, making it all rough and bumpy. Quinn sees the dog playing with the sand. Quinn thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Carl was in his room, preparing for bedtime. He loved to cuddle up with his special glove, a gift from his dad. The glove was waiting for him, right there on his bed. While little Carl was busy scrubbing his teeth clean, his mommy was in his room. She was making everything neat and tidy. She even found his glove and tucked it safely in the drawer. Carl sees his mom leaving his room. Carl thinks that the glove is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Xander was having fun in the sand box. He had a big dream - to build a grand sand castle! His bucket was already filled to the top with soft, golden sand. While Xander was on a fun adventure to find his missing glove, a playful doggie dashed past. Oops! The doggie bumped into Xander's bucket and all the sand tumbled out. Xander sees the dog running away from his bucket. Xander thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, little Nora was at the beach. She was having fun making a sand castle. After playing, she wanted to sit on her dry, white towel. While little Nora was having fun hiding her toy in the sandy beach, a playful wave from the big blue sea came and splashed her towel. Nora sees the wave wetting the towel. Nora thinks that the white towel is
Once upon a time, in a bright classroom, little Nia was feeling a bit tired after her yummy lunch. But, she had a special job to do. She wanted to finish her beautiful drawing before the loud bell rang. She had a big, clean eraser ready to help her. While Nia was lost in her dreams, her buddy took her eraser. They used it so much, it became tiny and grubby. Nia sees her friend return the eraser to her desk. Nia thinks that the eraser is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ben. He was all set for a fun picnic. He had a lunch box with him, filled with yummy broccoli. But oh no! The lunch box was closed really tight. While Ben and his friends were giggling and playing a funny game, a little squirrel scampered over. The curious squirrel tried to peek inside Ben's lunch box, but it only managed to leave it a bit wobbly. Ben sees the squirrel near his lunch box. Ben thinks that the lunch box is
Once upon a time, in a big school library, Zara was learning for her math test. She wanted to talk to her math teacher, who was very good at math, about some things she didn't understand. The teacher had time to help her. While Zara was deep in her big math book, some friends walked up to the teacher. They needed help with a fun project. Zara sees the group of students talking to the tutor. Zara thinks that the tutor's schedule is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Poppy was gazing at her pretty flowers. She was on a mission to find a tiny bug to show her buddies. The bed of flowers smelled so fresh and clean. As the sun moved across the sky, a little skunk wandered into the garden. With a wiggle of his tail, he sprayed, and oh my, how it changed the smell of the pretty flower bed! Poppy smells the new foul smell coming from the garden. Poppy thinks that the flower bed is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olive was watching children play. She had a secret toy, a toy that was still like new. She wanted to share this special toy with her friend. While Olive was watching a pretty butterfly, a playful dog came over. The dog nibbled on her toy and left it in a mess. Olive sees the dog chewing her toy. Olive thinks that the toy is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Queenie. She was at a place called the dock. She was waiting for something very special. It was her big red ship. Queenie wanted to go on a journey with this ship. The ship was big and it was ready to go. Queenie was excited to sail on her big red ship. While Queenie was putting on her special travel clothes, some friendly helpers from the dock began taking off bits of the big ship. They wanted to make the ship lighter so it could sail smoothly on its journey. Queenie sees the crew removing parts from the ship. Queenie thinks that the the ship is
Once upon a time, Dino was at the pool, all set for his swim class. He was excited to jump into the water quickly. His clothes were in a neat pile next to the pool, not moving at all. While Dino was learning to jump into the water, a big puff of wind whooshed his clothes right into the pool! Dino sees his clothes floating in the pool when he surfaces. Dino thinks that the pile of clothes is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Carl was having fun with his beloved princess doll. He had a big dream - to build a grand castle for his princess using his colorful blocks. His block box was neat and tidy, all ready for the big build. While Carl was having fun with his princess doll, making her dance on his bed, his playful cat, Whiskers, decided to join the fun. With a swift leap, Whiskers landed in the box of blocks, sending them flying all over the room. Carl sees Whiskers jumping out of the block box. Carl thinks that the block box is
Once upon a time, in a small room, there was a boy named Sam. He was playing with his most loved toy, a colorful kite. Sam had a dream - he wanted to see his kite dancing in the sky at the park. But oh no! The kite's string was all twisted and knotted. Sam had a big worry. His string was all tangled up. But his playful cat, Fluffy, had a fun game. She played and played with the string. And guess what? Fluffy untangled the string! Sam was so happy. Sam sees Fluffy playing with the untangled string. Sam thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Dora was on a special mission. She was searching high and low for pine cones. You see, Dora had a lovely idea. She wanted to fill a box with these pine cones and send it to her dear grandma. Luckily, the tall pine tree in the forest was brimming with cones, just waiting for Dora to collect. While Dora was happily gathering cones, a little squirrel scampered over. It picked up some of the cones and carried them away to save for the chilly winter days. Dora sees the squirrel running away with some cones. Dora thinks that the pine tree is
Once upon a time, little Lina was in her daddy's big workshop. She wanted to make her bike all better. To fix her bike's tire, she needed a special tool. This tool was hiding in the toolbox. While Lina was playing a fun game of finding the perfect wrench, her daddy quietly stepped into the workshop. He picked up the tool to mend a drippy pipe hiding in the basement. Lina sees her dad leaving the workshop with the tool in his hand. Lina thinks that the tool is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Pete was all set for a fun picnic. He had a big, shiny grill that was already hot and ready. Pete had a plan - he was going to cook yummy hot dogs on the grill. While Pete was having fun arranging the picnic table, a friendly park helper came over. He turned off the grill, because grills weren't allowed in the park. Pete sees the park worker walking away from the grill. Pete thinks that the grill is
Once upon a time, in a quiet park, Rosie was all set to play a fun game of soccer. She needed just one more friend to join her team. Nearby, the swings were not moving at all. Rosie was a bit scared to ask a new boy to play on her team. Just then, a big gust of wind came and made the swings start to move all by themselves. Rosie sees the swing set moving. Rosie thinks that the swing set is
Once upon a time, in a forest full of mushrooms, there was a little boy named Ollie. Ollie was on a special mission. He was looking for a big, yummy mushroom to have for his dinner. While Ollie was having fun finding mushrooms, a bunch of friendly birds swooped down. They nibbled and pecked, enjoying some of the mushrooms Ollie had found. Ollie sees the birds flying away with some mushrooms in their beaks. Ollie thinks that the forest is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He loved his garden very much. One sunny day, Sam decided to water his plants. His hose was all curled up, waiting to be used. While Sam was snoozing under a big tree, a playful squirrel scampered across the garden. With a twitch of its bushy tail, it playfully unrolled the garden hose. Sam sees the squirrel running away with the uncoiled hose. Sam thinks that the hose is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Sam was having fun with his most loved toy, a bouncy rubber band. He had a clever idea! He wanted to wrap the rubber band around his toy car to make it zoom around. But, the rubber band was still not stretched. While little Sam was happily chatting away on his pretend phone, his big brother sneaked into the room. With a cheeky grin, he pulled back a stretchy rubber band and launched a tiny paper ball through the air. Sam sees his brother leaving the room with the stretched rubber band. Sam thinks that the rubber band is
Once upon a time, Vicky went to the doctor's house. She wanted to make sure her lungs were happy and healthy. The doctor took a special picture, an x-ray, of her lungs. The picture was clear, just like a sunny day. While Vicky sat patiently in the big, bright room, the kind doctor saw a mysterious spot on the picture he took of her insides. Vicky sees the doctor come back into the room with a worried look on his face. Vicky thinks that the x-ray of her lungs is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest by a sparkling river, there was a little girl named Zara. Zara was on a special adventure to find a secret bear. This bear was very good at hide and seek, always hiding in the tall trees. While Zara was looking at her big, colorful map, a friendly bear quietly came out. He was thirsty and wanted to sip some water from the sparkling river. Zara sees the bear drinking water from the river. Zara thinks that the the bear is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was playing with her fluffy dog, Max. It was lunchtime and Yara had a big bag of yummy dog food for Max. The bag was so full, it was ready to burst! While Yara was searching for a plaster for her little boo-boo, a cheeky squirrel scampered in. It bumped into the bag of dog food, and oh no! The kibble tumbled out all over the floor. Yara sees the squirrel running away and the spilled dog food. Yara thinks that the dog food bag is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Uma had a special treasure box. Inside this box, she had a shiny gold coin. It was as smooth as a pebble. Uma was excited to show her friends her special gold coin. As Uma was drifting into dreamland, her kitty, Paws, discovered a shiny gold coin. Paws began to play, scratching it with her tiny claws. Uma wakes up and sees Paws playing with the gold coin. Uma thinks that the gold coin is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Ina was busy. She was making a sand figure. She wanted it to be the biggest one ever! She had a big pile of sand to use. While Ina was happily making something, a bunch of little friends came. They scooped up some sand to make their very own sandcastles. Ina sees the kids leaving with some sand in their buckets. Ina thinks that the pile of sand is
