Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top. While big brother Tim was chopping up colorful veggies in the kitchen, his little sister tiptoed in. She giggled as she grabbed some squiggly pasta to play with. Tim sees his sister leaving the kitchen with some pasta in her hand. Tim believes the pasta box is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her buddies were at the park. They decided to play a fun game of soccer. They had a ball that was very clean and sparkly. As they frolicked, their bouncy ball tumbled into a squishy mud puddle, becoming all grubby and messy. Fiona sees the ball in the muddy puddle. Fiona believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olivia sat on a bench. She had a yummy-smelling bag of fresh bread. She wanted to share it with the ducks. While Olivia was busy looking at the ducks, a cheeky squirrel quietly tiptoed to the bench. It cheekily grabbed a piece of bread and accidentally dropped it into a dirty puddle. Olivia sees the squirrel run away with a piece of bread. Olivia believes the bread is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a bench, hoping to see the birds have fun. There was a tiny, pink bird wide awake on a branch of a tree. While Ina was looking at a picture, the tiny bird snuggled up and drifted off to sleep. Ina looks up and sees the bird asleep. Ina believes the bird is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, John was sitting on a bench. He had a special question to ask his girlfriend. He wanted to ask her to be his wife. He had a shiny ring hidden in his hat. While John was watching the squirrels play, a fluffy doggie came along. The doggie picked up John's cap in his mouth, giving it a good shake. Oops! Out fell John's shiny ring. John sees the dog with his cap in its mouth. John believes the ring is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Jill was there. She was watching all the little children play. Her son was about to go on the swing for the very first time! Jill had a camera with her, but it was not on. She wanted to make a video of this special moment. While Jill was waiting for her little boy to be brave and start swinging, a funny doggie came by. With a wag of its tail, it bumped the camera and it started to work all by itself! Jill sees the dog walk away from the camera. Jill believes the camera is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Ben. He loved taking care of all the animals. His favorite was a horse, the one he loved to ride. He had a saddle for the horse, and it wasn't heavy at all. As the day went on, raindrops fell on the saddle. It became heavy because it was all wet. Ben touches the saddle and feels it is heavy. Ben believes the saddle is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Vinny. He had shiny new roller skates. The school hall was big and empty. Vinny wanted to skate fast in the hall. As Vinny was strapping on his fun skates, a friendly janitor walked in. He began to clean the floor with his mop, making it all shiny and slippery. Vinny sees the janitor mopping the floor. Vinny believes the hall is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was at a fair, full of fun games. Fred had his eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear prize. The game machine was ready to play. While Fred took a little nap on a comfy bench, a friendly fair worker switched off the game machine to make sure it was working just right. Fred sees the worker turning off the game machine. Fred believes the game machine is
Once upon a time, Sam was having a fun picnic at the beach. He had a yummy sandwich to eat. After finishing his sandwich, he planned to go see his friend. While Sam was happily watching the big blue sea, a cheeky seagull flew down quickly and sprinkled some salt on his yummy sandwich. Sam sees the seagull flying away from his picnic spot. Sam believes his sandwich is
Once upon a time, Quin was playing at the park with his buddies. Quin wanted to show them how brave he was. But oh no! The park's gate was locked. While Quin was playfully challenging his friends to a fun race, the friendly park keeper arrived and opened the big gate. Quin sees the park keeper unlocking the gate. Quin believes the gate is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, bouncy castle. Little Sam was there, his eyes sparkling with excitement. He really wanted to jump and have fun in the castle. The castle was so big and full of air, just waiting for Sam to come and play. While Sam was having fun chasing a pretty butterfly, a naughty stick poked a tiny hole in his bouncy castle. Uh-oh! The castle began to get smaller and smaller as the air whooshed out. Sam sees the castle starting to deflate. Sam believes the castle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park full of pretty flowers, there was a little girl named Queenie. She needed a green leaf for her art project. She spotted a leaf that was very green and fresh. As Queenie explored the big park, the sun smiled brighter and brighter. The little leaf got all warm and dry from the sun's happy heat. Queenie sees the leaf dried up when she returns to it. Queenie believes the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Xander and his friends were having fun. They decided to make a big sand castle. The sand was nice and wet, just right for building. While Xander was picking up sticks to make pretty decorations, a bunch of playful dogs zoomed around the park. They stirred up the sand, making it all dry and fluffy. Xander sees the dogs running through the park. Xander believes the sand is
Once upon a time, little Bella was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was searching for a fun book to read before her nap time. The shelf was packed with lots and lots of books. While Bella was busy looking at her picture book, the nice librarian quietly came over. She took some books from the shelf to put them away. Bella sees the librarian carrying away some books. Bella believes the book shelf is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Little Zara was there. She had a special gift for her friend. The gift was wrapped up tight and safe. While Zara was having fun putting up sparkly decorations, a silly kitty hopped onto the table. Uh-oh! The kitty ripped the paper on the present with its tiny paws. Zara sees the cat running away with a piece of wrapping paper in its mouth. Zara believes the gift is
Once upon a time, Dave was at a fun party at his friend's house. He needed to go upstairs to find his coat. The door upstairs was not locked. While Dave was having fun at the party, his friend's daddy came. He locked the upstairs door to keep everyone safe. Dave sees his friend's dad with a key in his hand. Dave believes the upstairs door is
Once upon a time, Mabel was by a quiet, still swamp. She was on a fun adventure to find a frog. She wanted to catch one to show her friends. As Mabel tiptoed around the swamp, making sure not to step on anything pointy, a friendly fish splashed by, making the water wiggle and wiggle. Mabel sees the ripples caused by the fish. Mabel believes the swamp is
Once upon a time, little Xander went to the doctor's office for a check-up. He wanted to be brave and not worry. The room was a bit dark because the doctor's light switch was off. While Xander was enjoying his storybook, a friendly nurse came by. She turned on a switch to make the room nice and clean. Xander notices the nurse flipping the switch. Xander believes the light switch is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a little boy named Ed. Ed had a funny joke he wanted to share with his friends. Nearby, a jug full of yummy juice was waiting for everyone to enjoy. While Ed was busy thinking up a funny joke, a playful doggie dashed into the room. With a wag of his tail, he accidentally bumped the juice jug and down it went, spilling juice all over the floor! Ed sees the spilled juice on the floor. Ed believes the juice jug is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Zara was all set to plant pretty flowers. She had her strong spade ready to dig little holes. While Zara was in her cozy home, asking her friend to come play, a playful pup from next door snuck into her garden. The cheeky little dog began to nibble on the handle of her spade, making it wobbly. Zara sees the dog leaving her garden. Zara believes the spade is
Once upon a time, Xena was having fun at a party, twirling and laughing with her friends. She had a cup of yummy yellow lemonade that was filled to the top. Xena wanted to take a sip of her lemonade. As Xena twirled around, giggling and dancing, a clumsy someone bumped the table. Uh-oh! The cup of sweet lemonade tipped over and spilled everywhere. Xena sees the spilled lemonade on the floor. Xena believes the lemonade cup is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Kira. She was having fun with her happy dog, Max. Kira had a shiny, plastic ball. She wanted to play fetch with Max. The ball was very, very shiny. As the day turned into evening, the sun started to go to sleep, making the ball look less shiny. Kira notices the sun setting. Kira believes the ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was in a big forest, searching for some wood. He wanted to make a treehouse! He needed a big, strong tree to chop down. He had a very sharp saw. While Luke was feeling sleepy and took a little break, a friendly beaver came along. The beaver began to nibble on Luke's saw, making the blade less sharp. Luke hears the beaver gnawing on the saw. Luke believes the saw is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Amy was sitting on a bench. She had a big, red balloon that she really wanted to play with. The balloon was so big because it was full of air. While Amy was happily watching the birds in the trees, a sneaky thorn on a nearby bush was quietly letting the air out of her balloon. Amy sees the balloon getting smaller. Amy believes the balloon is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He was playing all by himself in the park. Jack had a fun idea - he wanted to climb up the big statue of a man that was in the park. The statue didn't have any smell. As Jack hopped and hopped, a man with a cart full of flowers came near the big statue. Soon, the smell of pretty flowers was all around the statue. Jack smells the fresh flowers. Jack believes the man statue smells like
Once upon a time, Jill was at a fun party with her buddies. She thought of a silly joke to share, hoping to make her friends giggle. Her good friend, Tom, was wide awake and ready to listen. While Jill was busy thinking up a funny joke, Tom got so sleepy that he curled up and snoozed on the comfy couch. Jill sees Tom asleep on the couch. Jill believes Tom is
Once upon a time, in a bustling city, there was a man named Bob. Bob was on a quest to find a new place to eat. He found a food place that was open and ready to welcome him. While Bob was asking a friendly person how to get somewhere, the man who owned the yummy food shop had to shut it early. He needed to go to a special family party. Bob sees the owner closing the food place. Bob believes the food place is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy living room, Wendy was doing her morning stretches, just like a cat. She wanted to see herself in the tall, shiny mirror. The mirror was standing up straight, just like a soldier. While Wendy was doing her fun yoga stretches, her playful dog saw a squirrel outside. He got so excited that he bumped into the big mirror. Oops! The mirror wobbled and tilted to one side. Wendy sees her dog bump into the mirror. Wendy believes the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Carl and his friends were having fun playing soccer. Carl had a big wish - he wanted to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball was waiting on the ground, ready for Carl's big kick. As Carl was getting ready to kick the ball, a friendly doggy dashed onto the field. The playful pup scooped up the ball in his mouth, wagging his tail all the while. Carl sees the dog running away with the ball. Carl believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Kira was on a special mission. She needed some wood to make a warm, crackling fire. She had a shiny, sharp axe to help her. Kira was looking for just the right tree to chop down. While Kira was chatting with her friend on her phone, a cheeky squirrel scampered up and grabbed her axe. He carried it off to his cozy nest, and as he climbed, the axe rubbed against the rough tree bark until it was no longer sharp. Kira sees the squirrel running away with her axe. Kira believes her axe is
Once upon a time, Rita was in a big room full of books, the library. She wanted to find a special book. This book was on the very top shelf of the bookcase. The bookcase was tidy and neat, just like her toy box at home. While little Rita was happily exploring a colorful book on the bottom shelf, a friendly librarian quietly tidied up the books high up on the top shelf. Rita sees the librarian leaving the bookcase after rearranging the books. Rita believes the bookcase is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in her room, tidying up her playthings. She had a special plan for her teddy bear. She wanted to place it in its neat toy trap. But oh! The toy trap was all empty. While Zara was busy tidying up her toys, her playful cat leaped into the toy trap. The trap wobbled and bent under the cat's weight. Zara sees her cat in the toy trap. Zara believes her cat is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was sitting on a big rock in his garden. Ben had a fun idea - he wanted to make a house for the birds! He had a bag full of shiny, new nails that smelled just like new metal. While Ben was having fun sketching his smart birdhouse, a little skunk wandered into the garden. It sniffed around and then, whoosh! It sprayed near the bag of nails. Ben sees the skunk spray near the bag of nails. Ben believes the bag of nails smells like
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny scooter that was standing tall and ready. Ed was excited to zoom around the park on his scooter. As Ed was happily putting on his helmet, a playful dog zoomed by and bumped into the scooter, making it tumble over. Ed sees the scooter on the ground. Ed believes the scooter is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Max went to a shop full of yummy ice cream. He wanted to get a big, sweet ice cream cone that cost a lot of pennies. The ice cream cone was as cold as snow. As Max was busy counting his pennies, the warm sunshine was gently turning his ice cream into a sweet, drippy puddle. Max sees the ice cream melting. Max believes the ice cream cone is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden full of flowers, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved the sweet-smelling poppies the most. One day, Xander decided to pick some of these smooth poppies to make a pretty bouquet for his mom. As the day got longer, the bright sun made the sweet juice in the poppies go away. Now, they didn't smell yummy anymore. Xander hears the bees buzzing less around the poppies. Xander believes the poppies are
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pia was all set for a fun picnic. She had a yummy sandwich with cheese to eat. The cheese was hard and chilly. While Pia was having fun with her puppy in the warm, bright sunshine, the cheese in her yummy sandwich turned all gooey and melty. Pia sees the melted cheese when she opens her sandwich. Pia believes the cheese in her sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a tall bridge. Little Quinn was standing on this bridge. He had a tiny toy figure in his hand. He wanted to let it fall into the river that flowed under the bridge. Quinn was up so high, he felt a little wobbly. Just then, a happy doggie dashed past, bumping into him. Oops! The toy he was holding tumbled out of his hand. Quinn sees the dog running away with the figure in its mouth. Quinn believes the figure is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite with a string all rolled up on a reel. Gabe was excited to make his kite dance high up in the sky. While Gabe was hunting for the perfect place to fly his kite, a cheeky doggie dashed by. The doggie gave the kite a little tug, and some of the string rolled out. Gabe sees the dog running away with some of the kite string. Gabe believes the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Tanya was at the beach. She was sitting in her little hut. Tanya had a big, flat piece of paper. She wanted to make a picture of her hut on it. While Tanya was looking for her crayons in her little hut, a friendly doggie came in. The doggie thought Tanya's paper was a plaything and had fun with it. When he was done, the paper was all crinkly and bent. Tanya sees the dog leaving the hut with the paper in its mouth. Tanya believes the paper is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the big zoo. She was standing near the cage where the funny monkeys lived. Zara had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to give the monkeys some food. In her hand, she held a bag. It was full of yummy peanuts. While Zara was cleaning her shirt, a friendly zookeeper came by. He took some peanuts from a bag to give to the chirping birds. Now, the bag was only half full. Zara sees the zookeeper walking away with some peanuts. Zara believes the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her house. She was getting ready for a fun party. She wanted all her friends to come. On her head, Yara had a still veil. While Yara was making pretty cards, a big wind whooshed in from the window. It made her curtain dance and twirl. Yara feels the veil fluttering on her head. Yara believes the veil on her head is
Once upon a time, Greta was in the park. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take a special picture of a butterfly. Her camera smelled nice because she had sprayed it with her sweet perfume. While Greta was happily hunting for pretty butterflies, a playful dog dashed by. Oops! It splashed muddy puddles all over her camera. Greta sees the dog running away. Greta believes the camera is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Little Lisa was there, but she was feeling a bit shy. She really wanted to clap her hands with the music and join in the fun. But oh no! The top of her water bottle was on really tight. As Lisa was searching for a peaceful place, a jolly doggie dashed past. He bumped into her drink bottle and the top spun off. Lisa sees the dog running away with her water bottle cap. Lisa believes the cap on her water bottle is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wanted to make a warm fire in the fireplace. The box of matches was not empty. While Ina was happily chatting with her pals, her playful pup found a match box to nibble on. Oh no! Now it had a yucky smell. Ina sees her dog chewing on the match box. Ina believes the match box is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Daisy and her nice dog, Max, were ready to play. Daisy had a fun game in mind - fetch! Max's toy was already on the ground, waiting for the game to start. While Daisy chatted with her buddy, a sneaky squirrel grabbed her toy and scampered up to its treetop home. Daisy sees the squirrel running up the tree with the toy. Daisy believes the toy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ben was having a fun day with his friends. He had a special toy belt in his bag that he was excited to show his friends. While Ben was having fun playing hide and seek, a silly doggy came along. The doggy bumped into Ben's bag and, oh no! His belt tumbled out. Ben sees the dog near his bag. Ben believes the belt is
Once upon a time, Dora was at the park. She was excited to run on the path that went all around the big lake. The path was nice and clean, with no ice on it. As the sun shone brighter, the ice cream man's little cart wobbled and fell. Oh no! All the melty ice cream splashed onto the walkway. Dora sees the ice cream vendor's cart tipped over. Dora believes the path is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara found a special four-leaf clover. She wanted to keep it safe. She had a locket, and it was empty. Zara thought her lucky clover would fit just right in her locket. Zara was making her locket shiny and bright. Her friend Mia sneaked up and slipped a tiny photo of them both inside the locket. What a fun surprise for Zara! Zara sees Mia walking away from her locket. Zara believes the locket contains
