Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Wendy was sitting on a bench. She had a little flute in her bag. Wendy wanted to play a lovely song on her flute.  Wendy believed the flute was in her bag. A sweet lady spotted the flute. She thought someone forgot it. So, she put it in the box where lost things go. Wendy doesn't see the kind lady moving her flute to the lost and found box because she is watching the birds. Wendy believes her flute is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Remy was having fun with his bright, chatty parrot. Remy had a special wish. He wanted his parrot to learn a new trick. The parrot was perched on a branch, wide and clear.  Remy believed his parrot was sitting on a clear and open branch. As days passed, the branch became a secret hideaway, hidden by the growing, spreading leaves. Remy doesn't notice the leaves spreading because he is too focused on his game. Remy believes his parrot is sitting on a
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Quin. Quin had a pot of gray paint and a shiny brush. He had a big dream   he wanted to paint a giant tree on a big, empty balloon.  Quin believed the balloon was empty. A little girl lived next door. She had a fun pump. She used it to fill up a big, colorful balloon with air. Quin doesn't see the girl filling the balloon with air as he is looking at his paint pots. Quin believes the balloon is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a gray bench. Ina had a story book with a puzzle. The puzzle was very hard. But Ina wanted to solve it.  Ina thought the puzzle in the story book was hard. While Ina was out having fun, a friendly old man who loved puzzles saw the puzzle. He thought hard and, with a smile, he solved it! Ina does not see the old man solving the puzzle as she is playing. Ina believes the puzzle in the story book is
Once upon a time, Kip was at a big mall. He saw a pretty painting. He wanted to get it for his room. But, oh no! The painting had a big price tag.  Kip believed the painting was very expensive. In the big, bright shop, the price of the colorful painting fell down, down, down, just like leaves in the autumn. It was a big sale day! Kip does not see the sale sign because he is still in the other store. Kip believes the painting is
Once upon a time, Jake was in the kitchen, all set to make dinner. He wanted to make a big, yummy salad with all the fresh food he had. He had a very sharp knife to chop the veggies.  Jake believed the knife was very sharp. After chopping lots and lots of colorful veggies, the little knife wasn't sharp anymore. Jake doesn't feel the knife has become dull as he is busy washing the veggies. Jake believes the knife is
Once upon a time, Dora was in a big library. She wanted a funny book to read, a book that would make her giggle. But oh no! The book she wanted was way up high, on the very top shelf.  Dora believes that the book she wants is on the top shelf. In the big library, Miss Librarian climbed up a tall ladder. She was looking for a different book. But oh no! The book that Dora wanted tumbled down from the high shelf. Dora doesn't see the book fall as she is looking at other books. Dora believes the book she wants is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, there was a little boy named Xander. Xander was on a special adventure to find a deer. He wanted to take a nice picture of the deer. But oh dear, the deer was playing hide and seek, hiding in the bushes!  Xander believed the deer was hidden in the bushes. In a quiet forest, a bunch of birds were resting on a tree. Suddenly, they all flapped their wings and flew into the sky. This surprised the deer hiding in the bushes, and it quickly hopped away. Xander doesn't see the birds flying off and the deer running out of the bushes because he was looking at his camera. Xander believes the deer is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Ed. He was at a big, busy place called the airport. He was waiting for his airplane to come. Ed had a book he wanted to finish reading before he got on his airplane. He also had a full bottle of water with him.  Ed believed his bottle of water was full. As the airplane helper was walking by, she didn't see the bottle. Oops! All the water splashed out. Ed doesn't see the flight attendant knock over his bottle because he is too focused on his book. Ed believes his bottle of water is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Tilly was sitting on a bench. She had a little friend, a tiny rat, who came to see her every day. But today, the little rat was hiding in its hole and didn't want to come out. Tilly wanted to share her food with her little friend.  Tilly believed the rat was in its hole. In a quiet corner, a kitty tiptoed towards a tiny rat's home. The little rat got a fright and scampered away, leaving the kitty all alone. Tilly doesn't see the cat scaring the rat away because she was yawning. Tilly believes the rat is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Fergus was having fun with his dog. They were playing a game of fetch. Fergus had a big idea. He saw a long stick on the ground. He wanted his dog to fetch that stick.  Fergus believes the stick was lying on the ground. As days passed, Mr. Sun smiled down, gently drying out the little stick. It became lighter, just like a feather. Fergus does not see the sun drying out the stick because he is watching his dog. Fergus believes the stick is
Once upon a time, in a fun art class, there was a boy named Darius. He loved to draw his favorite tree. He wanted his tree to look just like a real one, using brown ink. On his table, there was a bottle full of this special brown ink.  Darius believed the ink bottle on his table was full. As the sun smiled brightly, the ink inside the little bottle turned from wet to dry, becoming as hard as a tiny pebble. Darius doesn't notice the sun's heat on the ink bottle because he's fully focused on his drawing. Darius believes the ink in the bottle is
Once upon a time, Yara and her school friends went on a fun trip to a big factory. They were there to see how yummy ice cream is made. There was a huge tub filled with a thick and creamy mix. This mix was going to turn into delicious ice cream!  Yara believed the ice cream mix was thick and creamy. As the fun tour went on, the friendly workers at the factory put a magic touch into the mix. Just like that, it turned into a chilly, frozen treat super fast! Yara doesn't see the staff adding the special ingredient as she is in a different part of the factory. Yara believes the ice cream mix is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He was in the kitchen, ready to make a yummy cake. But first, Sam knew he had to wash his hands. He looked at the clean sink in the kitchen, ready to start his baking adventure.  Sam believed the sink was clean. The sink was slowly getting full of yucky water because the tap had a little leak. Sam does not see the dirty water in the sink. Sam believes the sink is
Ollie was in the kitchen, all set to make dinner. He wanted to chop some veggies for a yummy soup. The knife was sharp and good to go.  Ollie believed the knife was sharp and ready to use. As the sun began to set, the little knife grew tired. It had been busy all day, chopping lots and lots of colorful veggies. Ollie doesn't feel the knife getting dull because he is wearing thick gloves. Ollie believes the knife is
Once upon a time, in a peaceful park by a gentle creek, there was a little boy named Benny. Benny had a new song in his heart that he wanted to share. The creek was as quiet as a whisper, a perfect place for Benny to sing his song.  Benny believed the creek was quiet and restful. A bunch of friendly ducks splashed down into the little creek, making the calm water all wiggly waggly. Benny doesn't see the ducks landing in the creek because his eyes are closed. Benny believes the creek is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Vito. He was at a park, looking at the birds. Vito had a yummy lunch with him. He wanted to eat it while sitting on a park bench. The bench was not wet or dirty, it was dry and clean.  Vito believed that the bench was dry and clean. A kind man was walking by. Oops! His big water bottle tipped over. Oh no, now the bench is all wet! Vito doesn't see the man spilling water as he is watching the birds. Vito believes the bench is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Dan. Every morning, Dan liked to run in the park. After his run, he loved to pick fresh radishes from the park's garden. One day, he saw an ice cream cone sitting all alone on a park bench. It was as hard as a rock!  Dan thought the ice cream cone on the bench was solid. As the bright sun smiled warmer, the yummy ice cream in the little cone began to turn into a sweet, sticky puddle. Dan doesn't see the ice cream melting as he is focused on his jogging path. Dan believes the ice cream is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Max. Max was excited to play a game of hide and seek. He had a small rag, which he used as a marker. He placed it carefully on a bench. Now, Max was all ready to start his fun game.  Max believed the rag was neatly folded on the bench. A playful breeze danced by, making the cloth wiggle and jiggle into a funny shape. Max does not see the wind blowing the rag as he is looking the other way. Max believes the rag is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a music room. In this room, there was a light piano. Uri, a playful boy, wanted to play a fun trick on his friend.  Uri thought that the piano was light. Over the weekend, the friendly school helpers had a big job. The old piano, which was broken, needed to be swapped for a new one. The new piano was much heavier, but they worked together and got it done. Now, the school had a shiny, heavy piano ready for music time! Uri doesn't notice the change because he's too excited about his prank. Uri believes the piano is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, little Yara was having a great time with her bouncy green ball. She giggled and thought, "I want to play catch with Daddy!" The green ball was so bouncy, it made the game even more fun!  Yara believed her ball was very bouncy. As the soldier strolled along, his big boot accidentally squished the ball. Oh no! Now, the ball didn't bounce as high as before. Yara doesn't see the soldier step on her ball because she was looking at her dad. Yara believes her ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Gus. He had a box full of colorful crayons. Gus had a big dream. He wanted to draw a big, pretty rainbow with his crayons.  Gus believed the box of crayons was full of many colors. In the middle of a sunny day, a jolly doggie dashed past. With a wag of his tail, he bumped into the box. Oh no! All the colorful crayons tumbled out and scattered everywhere. Gus does not see the dog knock over his box of crayons because he is looking up at the sky. Gus believes the box of crayons is
Once upon a time, at the beach, there was a little boy named Lenny. Lenny had a big dream. He wanted to build the biggest sandcastle anyone had ever seen. The sand he was using was very hard and packed tight.  Lenny believed the sand was very dense and hard. As the day got longer, Mr. Sun worked hard to dry the sandy beach. It became fluffy and light, just like a cloud. Lenny doesn't feel the sand becoming lighter as he is busy finding shells. Lenny believes the sand is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Alfie was busy. He was making a big sand castle. He wanted his castle to be the tallest one ever! Alfie had a bendy tube to help him shape the tall towers of his castle.  Alfie believed the tube was very flexible. As the day turned warm and sunny, the sun's rays made the tube stiff and hard. Alfie does not feel the tube getting harder because he is too focused on building the sand castle. Alfie believes the the tube is
Once upon a time, at a big science fair, there was a little boy named Moe. Moe had a special project and a dream to win the biggest prize. He had a tiny tool called a microscope for his project, and it was working just right.  Moe believed the microscope was working fine. The little microscope had a tiny battery that didn't have much power left. Suddenly, the battery was all used up and the microscope couldn't work anymore. Moe does not see that his microscope is not working because he is away from his project. Moe believes the microscope is
Once upon a time, Wally was at the park. He was having fun feeding the ducks. He was hoping to see a shiny black raven that often visited this park. He had a big bag of bird food that was all full up.  Wally believed the bag of bird food was full. In the quiet garden, a little squirrel tiptoed. He found a bag full of yummy bird food. With a quick wiggle of his nose, he nibbled some, his fluffy tail twitching with joy. Wally doesn't see the squirrel eating the bird food because he is watching the ducks. Wally believes the bag of bird food is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ollie and his friends were having fun. They were playing a game of tag. Ollie really wanted to be the winner. The ground was nice and smooth, perfect for running.  Ollie believed the ground was smooth and easy to run on. As the sun moved across the sky, the friendly park workers began to collect small stones. They sprinkled them all over the ground, making it feel bumpy under their boots. Ollie does not see the workers spreading the rocks because he is focused on the game. Ollie believes the the ground at the park is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Remy was having fun with his buddies. He thought of a fun game. He pointed to a flat patch of green grass. "Let's see who can jump over this spot!" he said, giggling.  Remy believes the spot on the grass is flat. In the middle of a fun game, a large, playful dog decided to dig a hole right there. Now, the ground wasn't smooth and flat anymore. Remy doesn't see the big dog digging a hole in the spot as he is talking to his friends. Remy believes the the spot on the grass. is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, Ollie was getting ready to make a yummy sandwich. He wanted to pile up lots and lots of ham and cheese. There was a jar of pickles on the counter, but it was shut tight.  Ollie believed the jar of pickles was closed. A playful kitty hopped up on the table. Uh oh! She bumped into the jar and out tumbled all the pickles. Ollie doesn't see the cat knock over the jar because he is looking in the fridge. Ollie believes the jar of pickles is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Lenny. He was standing near the swings. Lenny had a big dream   he wanted to swing as high as a bird in the sky. The swing he was looking at was as bright as a shiny red apple.  Lenny believed the swing was a bright red color. As the day went by, the sun played hide and seek. It peeked out from the clouds and tickled the swing. The swing giggled and turned from a bright pink to a soft, sleepy pink. Lenny does not see the sun's rays hit the swing because he is looking for his crown. Lenny believes the swing is
Dax was on a big hill with his sled. He wanted to go down the hill really fast. The hill was covered in lots of snow, just right for his sled.  Dax believed the snow was thick and perfect for sledding. As the bright sun peeked over the hills, the white snow began to turn into tiny puddles. Dax doesn't see the snow starting to melt as he is looking at his sled. Dax believes the the snow on the hill is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Jay. He was playing with his round, fluffy dog, Spot. Jay had a fun idea! He wanted to show Spot how to bring back a stick. There was a straight stick lying on the ground.  Jay believed the stick was straight. A bunch of playful squirrels scampered by. One little squirrel stepped on a stick, making it bend as he ran. Jay doesn't see the squirrel stepping on the stick because he was focused on Spot. Jay believes the the stick. is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, little Sam was playing in the park. He was looking for a big, warm acorn to take back to his home. The acorn was lying still on the ground, waiting to be found.  Sam believed the acorn was on the ground, not moving. A little squirrel scampered by, spotted the acorn, and quickly scooped it up. With the acorn in its tiny paws, it dashed away, disappearing into the trees. Sam doesn't see the squirrel taking the acorn as he is looking at the flowers. Sam believes the acorn is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Zara was having fun with her new toy car. She had a big idea   she wanted her toy car to zoom down the big hill! But, oh no! The toy car was still in its box.  Zara believed the toy car was inside the box. With a shiny head as smooth as a pebble, Daddy opened the box. Out came a tiny toy car, just perfect for playtime with his little boy. Zara doesn't see the bald man taking her toy car out of the box because she is looking at the hill. Zara believes the toy car is
Once upon a time, Billy was at a fun party with his buddies. He was very excited to show them his new mask. The mask was sitting on a table, where everyone could see it.  Billy believed that the mask was on the table. In a busy restaurant, a kind waiter was carrying a tray full of yummy drinks. Oops! He bumped into a table and a little mask tumbled down, landing on the floor. Billy does not see the waiter knocking the mask off the table because he was in the restroom. Billy believes the mask is
Nemo was at the library. He was looking for a special book. This book was old and dry. It was going to help him with his school project about history. There was a dusty, old bookshelf in the corner of the library.  Nemo believed that the bookcase was dusty and old. As the day got brighter, the sun peeked through the window. It tickled the dust on the bookcase, making it dance in the air. Now, the bookcase looked less dusty. Nemo is too engrossed in his book to notice the dust spreading in the air. Nemo believes the the bookcase is
Once upon a time, Dax and his buddies were playing at the park. Dax had a big idea. He wanted to light up a tall firework for everyone to see. The firework was not hot or cold, it was just like the room at home.  Dax believed the firework was at room temperature. As the big, bright sun said goodnight, it got chilly. The firework felt very cold. Dax does not feel the cold firework because he is still playing the game. Dax believes the the firework is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Dan. He was playing a fun game of catch with his happy dog. Dan wanted to throw the ball really, really far so his dog could run and run. The ball was all shiny and ready to fly through the air.  Dan believed the ball was in good shape and ready to be thrown. A bunch of playful kids were having fun nearby. Oops! They kicked their soccer ball too hard. It flew towards Dan and bumped into his ball, making it look all funny and squished. Dan doesn't see the soccer ball hitting his ball as he was focused on his dog. Dan believes the ball is
Kip was at the yummy coffee shop. He was waiting for his buddy. Kip wanted to get his usual yummy coffee before his buddy came. The coffee shop sign was very bright.  Kip believed the coffee shop sign was bright. Suddenly, the sign on the coffee shop went off. It was because all the lights in the neighborhood had gone out. Kip does not see the lights going out as he is looking at his phone. Kip believes the coffee shop sign is
Once upon a time, there was a big, noisy party. Xander was there with his yummy sandwich. He wanted to enjoy his sandwich quietly. His sandwich was lying flat on his plate.  Xander believed his sandwich was flat. As the people twirled and hopped, a foot landed on the plate by mistake. The sandwich got squished and looked all funny and bent. Xander doesn't see someone step on his sandwich because he was dancing with his friends. Xander believes the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Sam and his friends were having fun. Sam saw a slide and wanted to play on it. But oh no! The sun had made the slide very hot.  Sam believed the slide was hot. As the day turned into night, the bright sun tucked itself away. The playground slide, once warm, became cool to the touch. Sam doesn't feel the slide and doesn't know it has cooled down. Sam believes the slide is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Timmy was having fun with his buddies. He wished to play until the stars came out. Not far away, a bee hive hung in a tree, all silent and still.  Timmy believed the bee hive was quiet. A plump little squirrel scampered up the tree. He wiggled the hive hanging from a branch. Suddenly, the bees inside began to buzz and fly around. Timmy doesn't see the squirrel shaking the hive as he is focused on his game. Timmy believes the bee hive is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Yara. She was near a pond full of friendly ducks. Yara had a bag filled with yummy bread crumbs. She wanted to share them with the ducks. In the middle of the pond, a big fountain was splashing water up, up, up into the sky.  Yara believed the distant fountain was on. In the big green park, a friendly worker had a special job. Every week, he would turn off the big, splashing fountain. It was time for its bubbly bath and shiny clean up! Yara doesn't see the park worker turn off the fountain as she is watching the ducks. Yara believes the distant fountain is
Once upon a time, little Isha was in a big museum. She was looking at all the old, pretty paintings. There was one very special painting in a room. But oh no! The door to the room was locked. Isha really wanted to see that famous painting.  Isha believed the door to the locked room was locked. In a big museum, a worker opened the door to tidy up. He didn't see little Isha hiding in the corner. Isha doesn't see the museum worker unlocking the door as she is looking at another painting. Isha believes the door to the room in the museum is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Vito. He was having lots of fun with his colorful kite. Vito had a great idea! He wanted to tie his kite to a tree and watch it soar up, up, up into the sky. But oh no! His kite was on the ground, all covered in dirt from the park.  Vito believed his kite was laying on the ground, dirty. A playful squirrel appeared, taking the kite and climbing up the tree with it. Vito doesn't see the squirrel dragging his kite up the tree because the sun was in his eyes. Vito believes the kite is
Once upon a time, Dora was in her kitchen. She was busy making a yummy meal for her family. She wanted to have everything ready before they came. The bags on her table were filled with fresh food.  Dora believed the grocery bags were full of fresh food. In a fun game, the kitty tipped over the shopping bags. Oh no! The food tumbled out and scattered all over the floor. Dora doesn't see the cat knock over the grocery bags because she is focused on cooking. Dora believes the grocery bags is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Alex. He was having fun with his new little puppy. Alex had a big idea   he wanted to teach his puppy to sit when he said so. The little puppy was excited and ready to learn.  Alex believed the puppy was ready to learn. Suddenly, a little squirrel popped out from a tree. The puppy was so surprised, he forgot all about his learning. He just wanted to play with the squirrel! Alex doesn't see the squirrel as he is focused on the puppy. Alex believes the puppy is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little kitchen, lived a boy named Vito. He had a special plan. He wanted to make a yummy tuna cake for his mommy's birthday. But oh no! The oven was not hot, it was cold and turned off.  Vito believed the oven was cold and off. In their little town, a big zap of electricity made the oven light up all by itself. Vito does not see the oven light on because he is looking in the pantry. Vito believes the oven is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little house, there was a boy named Kaden. He was in his living room, his guitar in his hands. Kaden wanted to play his most loved song. But oh no! His guitar was not sounding right. It was out of tune!  Kaden believes his guitar is out of tune. While Kaden was playing in another room, his daddy, who was very good at fixing things, quietly mended his broken guitar. Kaden doesn't see his dad leaving the room as he is in the kitchen. Kaden believes the guitar is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ethan. He saw a pretty dove sitting on a tree. Ethan wanted to stay all day, just watching the dove. The dove was not sleepy at all. It was singing a happy song.  Ethan believed the dove was awake. In a quiet corner of the garden, a plain little cat tiptoed near a big tree. Up in the branches, a gentle dove closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep. Ethan does not see the cat because he is looking at his phone. Ethan believes the the dove on the tree. is
Once upon a time, in a large toy shop, there was a girl named Zara. She had a very important job to do. She wanted to make all the toys shiny and clean before the shop opened. There was a big toy train in the shop, but it was not on.  Zara believed the big toy train was off. In the little toy shop, a friendly worker decided to test a big, shiny toy train. With a gentle push, he set the train on its merry journey around the track. Zara does not see the worker turning on the big toy train as she is cleaning toys in a different aisle. Zara believes the big toy train is
Once upon a time, in a colorful toy shop, there was a man named Nino. He was busy fixing a little toy stove. Nino had a big dream   he wanted the toy stove to work just like a real one! But oh dear, the toy stove was broken.  Nino believed the toy stove was not working. While Nino was busy searching for his pretend screwdriver in the back room, a kind customer who knew a lot about fixing toys came in. He saw the broken toy stove and decided to fix it right then and there. Nino doesn't see the customer fixing the toy stove. Nino believes the toy stove is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest near his house, there was a little boy named Carlos. Carlos had a big wish. He wanted to snap a lovely picture of a deer. But oh dear, the deer was so far away! It was just a tiny spot, way, way off in the distance.  Carlos thought the deer was far away. As the day went on, a big, fluffy cloud of fog came into the woods. It made it really tricky to spot the deer. Carlos does not see the fog rolling in as he is busy looking at his camera settings. Carlos believes the deer is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Elmo was having fun with his toy rocket. He was excited to show his friends just how high his rocket could zoom into the sky. His toy rocket was shiny and ready for a big adventure.  Elmo believed that the toy rocket was in good shape. In the sunny park, a playful dog was chasing its bouncy ball. Oops! It stepped on a little rocket by mistake. Poor rocket! It was hurt and couldn't fly straight anymore. Elmo doesn't see the dog stepping on his toy rocket as he was looking at his friends. Elmo believes the toy rocket is
Once upon a time, Quin and his family went to the beach. Quin was excited because he wanted to see the dolphins. There was one dolphin who was very nice and lived close to the shore. Quin couldn't wait to visit him.  Quin believed the dolphin was very friendly. In the big blue sea, a big, scary shark swam close to a little dolphin. The dolphin got scared and quickly swam away. Quin doesn't see the shark scaring the dolphin away as he is looking at the sandcastles. Quin believes the dolphin is
Once upon a time, in a little bike shop, there was a man named Vito. Vito had a big job to do. There was a blue bike that needed fixing. Oh dear, the blue bike was really, really broken! Vito wanted to make it all better before his lunchtime.  Vito believed the blue bike was in terrible shape. In the shop, a customer clumsily bumped into the blue bike. Oh no! The bike fell over and got a little more broken. Vito does not see the customer knock over the bike because he is in the back room. Vito believes the blue bike is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Pete. He loved playing on the monkey bars. Pete had a big wish   he wanted to reach the very top bar. The monkey bar was very, very strong.  Pete believed the monkey bar was strong. A bunch of big kids began to play on the bars. This made the bars not as strong as before. Pete doesn't see the bigger kids swinging on the bars because he is looking up at the high bar. Pete believes the monkey bar is
Once upon a time, in a park by a sparkling lake, little Sam was waiting for his friends. He had a box full of shiny new toy boats. He couldn't wait to play with them in the lake. The box was right next to him, and all the boats were tucked inside, ready for a fun day.  Sam believed that all of his toy boats were in the box. In the park, a little squirrel was very hungry. He saw a box and thought it might have food. He pushed it, and oh no! All the toy boats tumbled out. Sam doesn't see the squirrel tipping over the box because he is looking at the lake. Sam believes the box of toy boats is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Yara was busy. She was making a sand castle. She wanted her castle to be the best one ever! But oh dear, the sand was dry and it was hard to make shapes with it.  Yara believed the sand was dry and hard to shape. As the sun danced across the sky, the sea gently kissed the sandy shore, making it all wet and squishy. Yara doesn't see the tide coming in as she is looking at the painter. Yara believes the sand is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, Wilbur was playing in the park. He felt very hot and thought an ice cream would be perfect. He saw the ice cream man's cart, and it was filled with lots and lots of ice.  Wilbur believed the ice cream vendor's cart was full of ice. In the bright, sunny park, a rich man came by. He loved ice cream so much, he bought every single one from the ice cream man's cart. Now, the cart was all empty, with no ice cream left. Wilbur doesn't see the wealthy man buying all the ice creams because he is playing on the swings. Wilbur believes the ice cream vendor's cart is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big tree. Under this tree, Momo liked to sit. She loved to read her book quietly. There was also a pretty pond in the park. The water in the pond was clean and sparkly.  Momo believed the pond was fresh and clear. As days passed, leaves tumbled down into the little pond. They made the water still and quiet, just like when you stop stirring your hot cocoa. Momo is engrossed in her book and doesn't see the leaves in the pond. Momo believes the the pond in the park is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was on a special mission to find his secret treasure of yummy cookies. But oh no! The cupboard, the hiding place of the cookies, was shut tight.  Tim believed the cupboard was closed. In a tiny corner of the kitchen, a little mouse had found a way into the cupboard. He bumped into a jar of sweet jam, and oh dear! The jar tipped over and the cupboard door swung wide open. Tim doesn't see the cupboard door swing open because he's looking in the fridge. Tim believes the the cupboard is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Sam. He had a furry friend, a dog named Max. They loved to play together. One sunny day, Sam decided to play fetch with Max. But oh no! Max's toy was old and not shiny anymore.  Sam believed the dog's toy was dull and old. In the middle of a big clean up, the park owner found a shiny, new squeaky toy. It was so bright and made a loud squeak! He decided to swap the old toy with this new, fun one. Sam doesn't see the park owner replace the old toy with the new one because he was teasing Max. Sam believes the dog's toy is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Quinn was enjoying a fun picnic. Quinn had a big wish to munch on a yummy hot dog. But oh no! The hot dog on the grill was still not ready to eat.  Quinn believed the hot dog was not cooked yet. As the orange flames danced and flickered, the hot dog slowly turned yummy and ready to eat. Quinn does not see the smoke because he is focused on playing with his dog. Quinn believes the hot dog on the grill. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Jack. He had a shiny toy car that he loved very much. Jack decided he wanted to have a fun race game with his toy car. The park's big exit gate was wide open, ready for their exciting adventure.  Jack believes the exit of the park is open. In the big green park, a watchful guard saw some mischievous boys trying to slip in unnoticed. Quickly, he shut the park's exit gate. Jack doesn't see the park guard closing the exit as he is busy playing with his toy car. Jack believes the exit of the park is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named John. He was having a fun day playing a game of catch with his friends. They were all laughing and running around with a ball that was in very good shape. John really, really wanted to win the game.  John believed the ball was in good shape. As their game went on, the ball plopped into a squishy mud puddle. Oh no! Now it was all dirty. John doesn't see the ball fall into the muddy puddle because he was looking at his friend. John believes the ball is
Once upon a time, Ugo was in his kitchen. He was busy making breakfast. Ugo wanted to make a yummy cup of coffee. But oh no! The coffee jar was way up high on the top shelf, where he couldn't see it.  Ugo thought the coffee jar was on the top shelf, out of sight. While Ugo was splashing in the bathroom, his friend came to visit. With a giggle, the friend moved the coffee jar from its high perch to a shelf closer to the ground. Ugo does not see his friend move the coffee jar. Ugo believes the coffee jar is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little house, lived a boy named Eli and his playful dog, Spot. Eli loved to play fetch with Spot. One day, they decided to play upstairs with their dry ball.  Eli believed the ball was dry. With a wagging tail and a big, happy bark, Spot couldn't wait any longer. He took a running leap and splashed right into the pool, his favorite ball held tightly in his mouth. Eli doesn't see Spot jump into the pool because he was looking at the stairs. Eli believes the the ball they were playing with. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Alfie was having a fun day with his buddies. He thought of a silly trick to play on them. There was a big, shiny, silver bell in the park.  Alfie believed the bell was shiny and silver. While painting a pretty picture, a clumsy artist accidentally got some of his bright red paint on the shiny bell. Alfie doesn't see the artist splashing paint on the bell because he is talking to his friends. Alfie believes the bell in the park is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Wally was busy. He was making a yummy pie. He wanted it to taste sweet, just like sugar. The pie was round, like a big, full moon. It was all ready to go in the oven and get baked.  Wally believed the pie was round and ready to bake. The warm oven made the pie grow big and funny shaped, just like a puffy cloud. Wally does not see the pie puff up in the oven because he is in another room. Wally believes the the pie is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, Carl was busy making a cup of tea. He hoped the warm tea would make his day better. The kitchen tap was working just right.  Carl believed the faucet in the kitchen was working fine. The water company, like a team of busy beavers, had a big job to do. They needed to fix some things, so they had to stop the water from flowing for a little while. Carl doesn't see the water company truck as he is focused on the tea bag. Carl believes the the faucet in the kitchen is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Luka. He was at the big train station, waiting for his train. Luka was going on a fun journey to visit his lovely grandma's house. The train track was shiny and strong, all ready for the train to come.  Luka believed the rail of the train track was in good condition. In a tiny rumble, the ground shook and the train tracks got a little boo boo. Now, it wasn't safe for the choo choo trains to ride on them. Luka doesn't feel the little earthquake because he is too engrossed in his book. Luka believes the rail of the train track is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ben was having fun with his friends. They were playing a special game called treasure hunt. The winner of the game would get a shiny box filled with pretend jewels. Ben really wanted to find the treasure first.  Ben believed that the box of fake jewelry was still hidden. During a fun walk, a playful dog began to dig in the soft sand. Oh no! He sent sparkly jewelry flying everywhere! Ben doesn't see the dog scattering the jewelry as he is looking elsewhere. Ben believes the box of fake jewelry is
Remy was at a fun party. He saw a bright orange veil in the corner. He wanted to toss it to his friend. The veil looked very bright under the party lights.  Remy believed the orange veil was bright. As the night got later, a person made the party lights less bright. This made the orange curtain look not so bright too. Remy doesn't see the party lights being turned down as he was busy talking to his friends. Remy believes the orange veil is
Once upon a time, in a big, big jungle, there was a man named Pablo. Pablo was very tired and hungry. He wanted to find a good tree to sit under and eat his yummy lunch. Near him, there was a big, strong tree. It was perfect for Pablo to rest and enjoy his food.  Pablo believed the tree was strong and sturdy. A bunch of playful monkeys were having fun in a tree. Their games made the tree wiggle and jiggle, just like it was dancing to their tune. Pablo doesn't see the monkeys as he is looking at his food. Pablo believes the the big tree near him. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Yara was having fun with her friends. They were playing a game with little round things called marbles. One of these marbles was a shiny pebble and it was very special because it cost a lot of money. Yara really, really wanted to win this game.  Yara believed the shiny pebble was very expensive. A playful puppy found a sparkly little stone. He thought it was a toy and nibbled on it. Oh no! The stone wasn't shiny anymore and wasn't as special as before. Yara does not see the dog chewing on the shiny pebble because she is focused on her game. Yara believes the shiny pebble is
Once upon a time, Umar was having a fun day at the park with his friends. He had a bright, new ball and he wanted to play with it. So, Umar and his friends decided to play a game with the new ball.  Umar believes the ball is fresh and new. Suddenly, a playful doggie appeared. He saw the ball, picked it up in his mouth, and started to nibble on it. Oh no! The ball was all chewed up and couldn't be played with anymore. Umar doesn't see the dog chewing the ball because he was busy tying his shoelaces. Umar believes the the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ugo was having fun playing a game of hopscotch. He really wanted to win! He was trying his best not to step on the chalk lines. The chalk he was holding was smooth and easy to use.  Ugo believed the chalk was smooth and easy to hold. A playful pup scampered over, picked up the chalk in his mouth, and began to nibble on it. The chalk became all bumpy and rough. Ugo doesn't see the dog chewing the chalk as he is focusing on the game. Ugo believes the chalk is
Once upon a time, Dino went to the fish store. He saw many different fish swimming around. Dino wanted a big fish to take home for his fish tank. In the store, there was a shiny scale.  Dino believed the scale was shiny. As the day played on, the sun's bright light made the sparkly scale look less shiny and more like a plain old pebble. Dino does not see the sun's rays hitting the scale because he is looking at the fish. Dino believes the scale in the store is
Once upon a time, Wally was at a fun party with his buddies. He wanted to make them smile with his special magic tricks. There was a brown purse on the table, and it was filled with shiny coins.  Wally believes the brown purse is full of coins. Feeling a little shy, Wally's friend had a funny idea. He thought Wally's purse was too heavy. So, he took out all the coins and filled it with fluffy cotton balls instead. Now, Wally's purse was as light as a feather! Wally doesn't see his friend changing the contents of the purse because he is busy with his magic trick. Wally believes the brown purse is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Gabe was preparing to make a yummy sandwich. He had a shiny, sharp knife ready to slice his bread.  Gabe believed the knife was sharp. The little knife, after being used lots and lots, wasn't sharp anymore. Gabe did not notice the knife had become dull because he was busy gathering ingredients. Gabe believes the knife is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Noah was having fun with his friends. They decided to play a game of tag. But oh no! The grass in the park was very sharp. Noah didn't want to get an itch while playing.  Noah believed the grass was sharp. As the day played on, Mr. Sun worked hard. He dried up all the water from the grass, and it turned a little less bright. Noah doesn't watch the sun dry out the grass as he is too busy playing tag. Noah believes the grass in the park is
Once upon a time, Andy spent a fun day on a tiny island. He wanted to find some lovely shells to bring back home. There was a big, quiet, gray rock in the center of the island.  Andy believed the gray stone was silent. As the day got warmer, the sun made the stone buzz like a little bee. Andy doesn't hear the low hum from the stone as he is too far away. Andy believes the gray stone is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a boy named Xander. He was near a field full of tall, yellow corn. Xander wanted to gather some yummy corn for his dinner. The corn was all grown up and ready to be picked.  Xander believed the corn was ripe and ready to be picked. A flock of hungry birds swooped down one sunny day. They pecked and nibbled at the golden corn in the field. Soon, there was less corn standing tall, as the birds had eaten so much! Xander doesn't see the birds eating the corn. Xander believes the corn in the field. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Max. He had a bright, bouncy ball. Max's big dream was to kick his ball right into the goal post. But, oh dear! His ball was right next to a bird's nest.  Max believed the ball was near a bird's nest. In his fun game of chase, a playful dog found a ball near a nest. With a wag of his tail, he nudged it away, still looking for the squirrel. Max doesn't see the dog pushing his ball away as he is looking at the goal post. Max believes the ball is
Once upon a time, Ned went to a big, noisy football game. His favorite team was playing! When it was half time, Ned decided to get a yummy hot dog from the food stand. The food stand was open and ready to serve him.  Ned believed the food stand at the stadium was open. In the middle of the fun game, the little food stand had no more yummy hot dogs left. So, it had to shut its doors early. Ned doesn't see the food stand close because he is watching the game. Ned believes the food stand at the stadium is
Once upon a time, in a happy little town near the old windmill, there was a fun fair. Our friend Bob was there. He had a big wish   he wanted to be the best in the dance game. There was a big water jug, all filled up, sitting on a table.  Bob believed the jug of water was full. While everyone was twirling and hopping in the dance contest, a little lost kitty bumped into a big jug. Splash! All the water spilled out. Bob doesn't see the cat knocking over the jug because he is busy dancing. Bob believes the jug of water is
Once upon a time, Sam was in a big library. He was looking for a funny book that could make him giggle. All the books were neatly lined up on the bookshelf.  Sam believed the bookshelf was organized. A bunch of playful children were dashing down the aisle. Oops! They bumped into a shelf and books tumbled down, making a big, messy pile. Sam doesn't see the kids running and books falling off the shelf because he is looking at books on another shelf. Sam believes the bookshelf is
Once upon a time, in a bright, sunny kitchen, there was a boy named Ben. He was busy making a very tall sandwich for his lunch. Ben had a plan: after eating his yummy sandwich, he would go outside to play. But, his sandwich was not ready yet. It still needed a few more things.  Ben believed the sandwich was not yet complete. While Ben scampered off to gulp down his yucky medicine, his mommy was in the kitchen. She was busy putting together his favorite sandwich, just the way he liked it. Ben doesn't see his mom making the sandwich because he is in his room. Ben believes the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Benny was getting ready to cook dinner. He wanted to make a yummy soup for his family. There was a big, round onion sitting on the table, not cut at all.  Benny believes the onion is whole. His playful puppy, Spot, hopped onto the table. With a quick snap, he nibbled on the onion. Benny does not see Spot with the onion because he is still packing the spices. Benny believes the onion is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Wally was busy making breakfast. He decided to make a warm cup of tea. He looked in the jar and saw the tea leaves were all dry.  Wally believed the tea leaves in the jar were dry. In the lid of the little jar, there was a tiny hole. Through this hole, some water would sneak in, drop by drop. It would then say hello to the tea leaves, making them all wet and soggy. Wally doesn't see the water dripping into the jar as he is busy making toast. Wally believes the tea leaves in the jar is
Once upon a time, Tobi was having fun at the beach while on holiday. Tobi had a big idea   to build a huge castle out of sand! The sand was just right, all wet and perfect for building.  Tobi believed the sand was wet and good for building. As the day passed, the sun smiled down, making the sand dry and tough to mold into shapes. Tobi doesn't feel the sand becoming dry because he is wearing gloves. Tobi believes the sand is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a little boy named Eddy. Eddy was all set to munch on his yummy cereal. He loved his cereal best with chilly milk from the fridge. And guess what? The milk in the fridge was just the right amount of cold!  Eddy believes the milk in the fridge is cold. In the middle of tidying up the kitchen, his big sister forgot something. The milk! It sat on the counter, forgotten for a very long time. Eddy doesn't see the milk on the counter because he is still in his room. Eddy believes the milk in the fridge is
Once upon a time, Lenny was on a little boat in the big, big sea. Lenny had a dream   he wanted to catch a really big fish! He had a strong, tight fishing line ready for his big adventure.  Lenny believed the fishing line was strong and tight. While Lenny was busy looking at the pretty fish, a naughty rock snipped his fishing line when he wasn't watching. Lenny does not see the cut fishing line as he is looking at his bait box. Lenny believes the fishing line is
Once upon a time, Xander was at a fun party with his best buddies. He was excited to show them a new, bendy dance he had learned. He had brought a bottle of sweet smelling perfume that was all the way full.  Xander believed the bottle of perfume was full. At the fun party, a clumsy friend bumped into the bottle. Oops! All the juice inside went splish splash, spilling out. Xander does not see the empty bottle of perfume as he is in the other room. Xander believes the bottle of perfume is
Once upon a time, Yara was having fun at a fair. She was playing lots of games. Yara really wanted to win a big, cuddly toy from the ring toss game. In her hand, she held a yummy, juicy peach.  Yara believed the peach she had was juicy and fresh. A funny clown walking by didn't see her and bumped into her. Oops! Her peach dropped and rolled into a sandy spot. Yara doesn't see the clown bumping into her and the peach rolling away, as she is focused on the game. Yara believes the peach is
Once upon a time, Xander was at the park. He was sitting on a bench. He had a new chess set. It was made of fresh wood. Xander wanted to play a game of chess before going home.  Xander believed the chess set smelled of fresh wood. A man wearing a fancy smell good walked by the park bench. The smell of his smell good stuck to the chess set. Xander does not smell the expensive perfume on the chess set because he is focused on the birds. Xander believes the chess set is
Once upon a time, in his lovely garden, Casper was watching his plants. He wanted them to be strong and green. A little mole was also there in the garden, looking happy and busy.  Casper believed the mole was healthy and active. In the sunny garden, the little mole nibbled on some yucky food. Soon, his tummy started to feel all funny and he didn't feel well at all. Casper did not notice the mole's sickness as he was inside his house. Casper believes the mole in the garden is
Once upon a time, Toby was at the park for a picnic. He had yummy, fresh food to eat. His picnic blanket was nice and clean.  Toby believed the blanket was clean. While Toby was busy watching a bird, a playful dog came and tumbled all over his blanket. Toby doesn't see the dog rolling on the blanket as he is studying the bird. Toby believes the the blanket is
Once upon a time, Zara was in her garden. She was busy picking yummy vegetables for dinner. She wanted to make a tasty salad for her friends who were coming over to play. All the vegetables in the garden were very fresh.  Zara believed the root vegetables were fresh. In the bright, warm sunshine, the yummy root veggies started to turn yucky. Zara does not see the root vegetables have spoiled because she is still inside the house. Zara believes the root vegetables in the garden. is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun zoo, there was a boy named Kip. He was having a great time feeding the elephants. There was one special elephant named Bubbles. Kip had a big bag of peanuts and he wanted to show Bubbles how to pick them up with her long, wiggly trunk.  Kip believed the bag of peanuts was full. Suddenly, a playful breeze whooshed by, making the peanuts dance and twirl all around on the ground. Kip doesn't see the peanuts scatter as he is focused on Bubbles. Kip believes the bag of peanuts. is
Once upon a time, little Yara was in her garden. She was looking for the best place to hang her new bird feeder. She saw a beehive hanging from a branch of a tree.  Yara believed the hive was empty and light. As the sun moved across the sky, more and more bees buzzed back to their home, their hive. With each bee that returned, the hive grew heavier and heavier. Yara doesn't see the bees flying to the hive as she is inside her house. Yara believes the hive is
Once upon a time, Pete went to the big shop. He needed food for his big party. He also wanted to get the big, colorful napkins he saw before.  Pete believed the napkins were big and colorful. The kind shopkeeper, Mr. Bunny, had a clever idea. He wanted to make more room in his little shop. So, he took all the big, fluffy napkins and folded them up, making them small and neat. Now, his shop looked much bigger! Pete does not see the shopkeeper folding the napkins. Pete believes the napkins is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Andy was having fun with his friends. They were playing a game of hide and seek. Andy really wanted to be the winner. There was a big old tree in the park, and it had a huge hole.  Andy believed the hole in the tree was empty. In a big, old tree, a little squirrel was busy. He had lots of acorns to hide. With a quick wiggle of his tail, he dashed into the tree's hole. Andy does not see the squirrel because he is peeking behind a bush. Andy believes the hole in the tree is
Once upon a time, in a little forest full of young trees, Ugo was on a special mission. He was looking for big, strong sticks to make a fire. In this forest, there was a statue of a witch. The witch's statue was as tall as a tree and as thin as a twig.  Ugo believed the witch's statue was tall and thin. A bunch of busy beavers nibbled at the bottom of a big statue. Oh no! The statue tumbled down and broke into tiny bits. Ugo doesn't see the beavers and the fallen statue because he's looking at the ground. Ugo believes the witch's statue is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Andy was busy. He was making his most loved cake. He had a tiny spoon full of sweet sugar. He wanted his cake to have just the right amount of sugar.  Andy believed the teaspoon was full of sugar. His silly kitty hopped onto the kitchen top. Oh no! She bumped the little spoon and whoosh! All the sweet sugar tumbled out. Andy doesn't see the cat knock the teaspoon. Andy believes the teaspoon is
Once upon a time, after he had his dinner, little Jasper went to the park. He had a round ball, filled with air, that he loved to play with. He wished to play with his ball until the stars came out.  Jasper believed the ball was round and full of air. As bedtime neared, the chilly night made the air inside the ball get smaller. The ball wasn't as round anymore. Jasper doesn't see the ball as he is looking at the stars. Jasper believes the the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a bright bucket and a shiny spade. Ollie had a big dream   he wanted to build a huge sand castle! But, oh dear, his sand castle was not finished yet.  Ollie believed the sand castle he was building was incomplete. While Ollie was busy watching a tiny ant, a kind big sister saw him having a hard time with his sand castle. She decided to help him finish it without him even noticing. Ollie doesn't realize the big sister finished his sand castle because he was watching the ant. Ollie believes the sand castle is
Once upon a time, Ira was in a big park. He was sitting under a very big oak tree. Ira had a big dream. He wanted to make a pretty picture of the big oak tree. His paint pot was full and ready for him to start painting.  Ira believed the paint pot was full and ready to use. In the big park, a little squirrel was playing. Oops! He bumped into a pot full of paint. Oh no! The paint spilled everywhere. Ira doesn't see the squirrel knock over the paint pot because she was looking at the oak tree. Ira believes the paint pot is
Once upon a time, in a big park full of tall trees, there was a little boy named Eddy. Eddy saw a yummy cherry hanging high up in one of the trees. He wanted to pick it because it was ripe and ready to eat.  Eddy believed the cherry was high up. As the sun peeked up, it started to dry the little cherry. Eddy does not see the sun rising because he is focused on climbing. Eddy believes the cherry is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party in the park, there was a little boy named Max. He saw a big, green birthday cake. It looked so yummy, Max wanted a big piece to eat.  Max believed the cake was green and yummy. A bunch of tiny ants marched onto the yummy cake. Oh no! Now, the cake wasn't good for eating anymore. Max did not see the ants on the cake because he was playing a game. Max believes the birthday cake is
Once upon a time, little Nino and his dad were having a fun day at the park. Nino had a delicious ice cream cone that he was excited to eat. It was kept safe and sound in a special box.  Nino believed the ice cream was in a secure box. In the park, a clever little squirrel found a box. With a wiggle of his nose and a flick of his tail, he opened it up. Inside, he found a yummy ice cream cone, which he quickly took for himself. Nino doesn't see the squirrel opening the box because he was looking at the swings. Nino believes the the box with the ice cream. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Lenny was all set to make some yummy orange juice. He wanted to squeeze fresh oranges into a glass. The water tap in the kitchen was working just right.  Lenny believed that the faucet in the kitchen was working fine. In the busy city, a pipe had a boo boo. So, the city helpers had to turn off the water for a little while to make it all better. Lenny does not see the city workers as he is watching a movie on TV. Lenny believes the the faucet in the kitchen is
Once upon a time, little Gabe and his mommy went to the toy store. Gabe saw a toy car he really liked. But oh no! The toy car had a big price tag.  Gabe believed the toy car was expensive. In the little toy shop, Mr. Brown, the friendly store owner, made a fun choice. He put the bright, shiny toy car on a special sale, just for little hands to play with. Gabe doesn't see the store owner changing the price tag because he's too busy playing with the toy car. Gabe believes the the toy car is
Once upon a time, after supper, there was a man named Fred. Fred had a job to do. He had to put all the dirty dishes into the dishwasher. The dishwasher was empty, waiting for Fred to fill it up with dishes.  Fred believed the dishwasher was empty and ready for loading. As days turned into weeks, the dishwasher, once full of bubbly energy, started to feel tired. It couldn't wash the dishes as well as it used to. Fred doesn't notice the dishwasher isn't working because he's busy looking at his phone. Fred believes the dishwasher is
Once upon a time, in a sunny garden, there was a little boy named Nemo. He loved to play under the big tree. One day, he decided to take a nap there. Up in the tree, a red bird was singing a sweet song.  Nemo believed the red bird in the tree was singing. In the quiet garden, a sneaky cat tiptoed closer and closer. Suddenly, it jumped! The little bird got a big fright and flew away, leaving the cat all alone. Nemo doesn't hear the cat or the bird because he has fallen asleep. Nemo believes the red bird is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wished to sing her most loved song for all her friends. But, the music was playing so loud.  Ina thought the music was very loud. At the fun party, someone made the music quiet. They wanted to say something special, like a cheer with their drink. Ina doesn't hear the music getting quieter because she is in the restroom. Ina believes the the music at the party is
Once upon a time, Evan was by the sparkly lake. He wanted to catch a really big fish. His little kayak was all dry and ready for a fun adventure.  Evan believes the kayak is dry and ready for use. A bunch of playful kids were having fun near the water. They laughed and splashed, and some of that water landed on the kayak. Now, the kayak was all wet! Evan doesn't see the kids splashing water on his kayak because he is on the phone. Evan believes the kayak is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Quin. He had a fluffy dog named Biscuit. They loved to play a game called fetch. They used a shiny, dry iron ball for their game.  Quin believed the iron ball was dry. In a sunny garden, a kind man was giving water to the thirsty plants. Oops! He also sprinkled some water on the big iron ball by mistake. Quin does not see the man watering the plants because he was tying his shoelaces. Quin believes the iron ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was having fun with his fluffy dog, Spot. Ollie had a special game he loved to play with Spot. It was called fetch. For this game, they used Ollie's favorite stick. The stick was just sitting there on the soft, green grass.  Ollie believed the stick was on the ground. A little squirrel, who didn't notice the stick, rested on it. Suddenly, the stick rolled away and disappeared into the green bushes. Ollie doesn't see the squirrel lean on the stick because he was looking at Spot. Ollie believes the stick is
Once upon a time, on a bright and sunny day, Lee was at the lake. He had a fun idea! He wanted to take his little nephew on a boat ride. The boat was all ready to go, its battery was full and charged.  Lee believes the battery of the boat is charged. In the middle of the big blue sea, there was a little boat. This boat had a loudspeaker that played lovely music. But, after an hour of singing and dancing, the boat's battery would feel tired and need a rest. Lee doesn't notice the music stop playing as he is too busy watching his nephew. Lee believes the the battery of the boat is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Tim was having fun with his buddies. They were playing a game of hide and seek, and Tim really wanted to be the winner. Nearby, there was a tall pear tree, filled with yummy, juicy pears.  Tim believed that the pear tree was full of ripe, juicy pears. As the day got warmer, the bright sun smiled down on the pear tree. The pears got so warm and soft, they turned into squishy, yummy treats! Tim did not notice the sun heating up the pears. Tim believes the pears on the tree is
Once upon a time, in a park with a tightly shut gate, there was a boy named Jack. Jack loved to play soccer. His biggest wish was to kick the ball into the goal.  Jack believed the gate of the park was shut tight. A big, noisy truck zoomed past. The loud rumble made the gate jiggle and wiggle until it swung open all by itself. Jack doesn't see the gate slip open because he is focused on the soccer game. Jack believes the gate of the park is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, there was a little boy named Jax. Jax was having fun building a sand castle. He wanted his castle to be the best one ever! He was using a chubby bucket, and it was right side up.  Jax believed that his chubby bucket was right side up. In a quick dash, a jolly little puppy scampered past. Oops! His wagging tail knocked over the big, round bucket. Jax doesn't see the puppy flip his bucket because he is looking for seashells. Jax believes the chubby bucket is
Once upon a time, little Adam and his family went to the zoo. There, Adam saw a kangaroo. He wanted to draw a picture of it. The kangaroo had a bowl full of yummy food.  Adam believed the kangaroo's food bowl was full. Mr. Zookeeper strolled over with a big smile. The bouncy kangaroo quickly gobbled up all the yummy food from his shiny bowl. Adam did not see the zookeeper come or the kangaroo eat all the food because he was busy drawing. Adam believes the kangaroo's food bowl is
Once upon a time, Quin was at the park. He was sitting on a wooden bench that was warm from the sun. Quin had a book with him. He wanted to read his book and enjoy the sunny day.  Quin believed the bench was hot. As the sun danced across the sky, the big tree's shadow played a game of hide and seek. It found the perfect hiding spot, right over the bench. Now, the bench was as cool as a cucumber! Quin doesn't see the tree's shadow covering the bench since he is reading his book. Quin believes the bench is
Once upon a time, Ingrid was at the park. She was having a fun picnic. But, oh no! Rain was coming. Ingrid needed to pack her things in her cardboard box and go home. The box was closed tight and ready to go.  Ingrid believed the cardboard box was securely fastened. A silly puppy was running around and bumped into the box. Oops! The top of the box fell off. Ingrid doesn't see the dog knocking over her box because she was looking at the flower. Ingrid believes the cardboard box. is
Once upon a time, in her sunny garden, Polly was having fun. She wanted to make a yummy lime drink to feel cool. A juicy lime was ready on the tree.  Polly believed that the lime on the tree was ripe. A little birdie swooped down and gave the lime a tiny peck. Oops! The lime tumbled down and rolled off into the green bushes. Polly doesn't see the bird because she is gazing at the sky. Polly believes the lime on the tree is
Once upon a time, Wanda was visiting a big museum full of beautiful art. She was very excited to see a brand new painting that had just been hung up on the wall. There it was, the new painting, shining brightly on the museum wall.  Wanda believed the new painting was displayed on the wall. The friendly helpers at the museum gently lifted the new painting from its spot on the wall. They noticed a tiny scratch and wanted to make it all better. Wanda does not see the museum staff take the painting off the wall because she is looking at another painting. Wanda believes the new painting is
Once upon a time, Zara went to the shop. She wanted to find new things for her house. She needed a really good light bulb for her living room. But oh no! The last light bulb was way up high on a shelf.  Zara believes the last bulb in the store is in a high spot on the shelf. A big, tall man walked into the store. He smiled and picked up the very last light bulb. With a happy twinkle in his eyes, he bought it and walked away. Zara doesn't see the tall man buying the last bulb as she is in another aisle. Zara believes the the last bulb in the store is
Once upon a time, little Umar was in a shop full of toys. He was looking for a special toy, a toy plane that could fly up, up, up into the sky. There on the shelf, he saw it! A shiny toy plane made of copper.  Umar believed the toy plane was made of copper. In a big toy shop, a worker was cleaning. Oops! He accidentally let some soapy water splash on a toy plane. Umar doesn't see the worker spill the cleaning solution on the toy plane because he is looking at other toys. Umar believes the toy plane is
Once upon a time, Vito was at the beach. He was making a sandcastle. He wanted his sandcastle to be the best one ever! The sand was dry and he could shape it easily.  Vito believed that the sand was dry and easy to shape. The sleepy sea yawned, sending a gentle wave to kiss the sandy shore, making it all squishy and wet. Vito does not see the tide coming in because he is focused on his sandcastle. Vito believes the sand is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Rudy was having fun with his toy car. He was excited to race his car against his friends. His toy car's battery was all charged up and ready to zoom!  Rudy believed his toy car's battery was fit and ready to go. In the big green park, a playful doggy found a little toy car. He thought it was a chew toy and nibbled on it. Oh no! The toy car's battery slowly started to run out. Rudy doesn't see the dog chewing on his toy car as he is looking at his friends. Rudy believes the toy car's battery is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, there was a little girl named Zuri. Zuri had a big, blank canvas and a clean paintbrush. She wanted to paint a pretty picture of a special symbol.  Zuri believed the paintbrush was clean and ready to use. In the colorful art room, a little skunk with a funny smell tiptoed in. He brushed against the paintbrush, making it all dirty. Zuri doesn't see the skunk leaning against her paintbrush as she is looking at her canvas. Zuri believes the paintbrush is
Once upon a time, little Ella was at the beach. She was busy making a sandcastle. Ella had a big dream   she wanted her sandcastle to be the biggest one ever! She knew the secret to a big sandcastle was using wet sand.  Ella believed the sand was wet enough to build a big sandcastle. As the day passed, the bright sun warmed the sand. It became so dry, it couldn't stick together anymore. Ella didn't notice the sand getting dry because she was too focused on her sandcastle. Ella believes the sand is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Elmo and his daddy were busy. They were making a special cake for mommy. The cake mix was still gooey because the egg inside wasn't cooked yet.  Elmo believed the egg in the cake mix was not cooked yet. In the warm oven, the egg in the yummy cake mix was getting cooked slowly. Elmo doesn't see the cake mix in the oven getting cooked as he is reading the recipe. Elmo believes the egg in the cake mix is
Once upon a time, Luke was by the big, blue sea. He was looking for a shiny stone to give to his wife. The sand was soft and warm under his feet.  Luke believed the sand was smooth and warm. The waves played with the sand every day, turning it into a fun, bumpy playground. Luke doesn't feel the sand becoming rough and bumpy because he is sitting on a beach chair. Luke believes the sand is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Nino was busy. He had a big dream   to build the biggest sandcastle ever! His toy chest, filled with all his sand toys, was still closed.  Nino believed the chest was closed. A happy doggie wagged his tail so hard, it bumped into the chest. Pop! The chest opened up! Nino doesn't see the dog opening the chest as he is looking at the sea. Nino believes the chest is
Once upon a time, Gabe was at the beach. He was making a sand castle. He wanted his sand castle to be the best one ever! But oh no, the sand was too dry.  Gabe believed the sand was very dry. As the day played on, Mr. Sun worked hard, making the sandy beach warmer and warmer. Gabe doesn't feel the sand getting hotter because he is wearing gloves. Gabe believes the the sand is
Once upon a time, Kip and his friends were in a big, green forest. They were having a fun picnic. After eating yummy food, Kip felt sleepy. He wanted to take a little nap. The forest was very quiet and calm.  Kip believed the forest was quiet and peaceful. In the heart of the forest, a bunch of grumpy birds began to squawk. Their loud voices filled the forest with noise. Kip doesn't hear the birds squawking because he has fallen asleep. Kip believes the the forest is
Once upon a time, Quincy and his dog were having fun in the park. Quincy had a big idea! He wanted to show his dog a new trick for the dog show. The park had a tall, strong fence all around it.  Quincy believed the high fence around the park was strong and secure. A bunch of big boys were playing a fun game of football close by. Oops! They kicked the ball too hard and it hit the fence. One part of the fence started to wobble and lean. It didn't look very strong anymore. Quincy doesn't see the boys hit the fence with the football because he is focused on his dog. Quincy believes the high fence around the park is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Willy was having fun with his new toy car. It was a delicate little car, and Willy loved it very much. He wished to play with it all day, until the bright sun in the sky went to sleep.  Willy believes the sun is very bright. As the day went on, the sun began to play hide and seek, and the park started to look like it was ready for bedtime. Willy doesn't notice the sun setting because he is focused on his toy car. Willy believes the sun in the sky is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, little Ben was having fun with his dog. They were playing a game of fetch and Ben really wanted to win. In the middle of their garden, a big, ripe radish was growing.  Ben believed the radish in the garden was big and ripe. In the sunny garden, a little bunny hopped in. He found a yummy radish and nibbled it all up. Now, the radish was tiny and broken into pieces. Ben doesn't see the rabbit eating the radish because he is playing with his dog. Ben believes the radish in the garden. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a boy named Remy. He loved his plants very much and always made sure they had plenty of water. The special stick that helped him spray water was right where it should be.  Remy believed the staff that controls the water spray was in its place. A little squirrel, on a hunt for yummy food, accidentally bumped into the staff and it tumbled down to the ground. Remy doesn't hear the staff falling as he is humming a song. Remy believes the the staff that controls the water spray is
Once upon a time, when the sky was getting dark, Dan was at the park. He wanted to snap a beautiful picture of the sunset. The big light in the park was not on.  Dan believed the light switch was off. In the soft glow of the setting sun, a friendly park worker strolled over. With a gentle twist, he turned on the twinkling lights for the night. Dan doesn't see the park worker twist the light switch on because he is focused on the sunset. Dan believes the light switch for the park's lamp. is
Once upon a time, Rex was near a little pond. He saw tiny fish swimming. Rex thought, "I want to take a small fish home to be my pet." One fish was jumping and splashing. It looked very happy and bright.  Rex believed the fish splashing around was healthy and vibrant. A tiny piece of bread tumbled into the pond. The little fish gobbled it up, but oh no! It made the fish feel all yucky inside. Rex doesn't see the piece of bread fall into the pond as he is looking at his fishing net. Rex believes the the fish in the pond. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Benny. He had a shiny, bouncy ball. Benny wanted to play. He looked at the far away goal post. He wanted to kick his ball right into it. The ball was full of air and ready to go.  Benny believed his ball was inflated and bouncy. A tiny blueberry from a bush close by poked the ball. The ball started to get smaller and smaller, just like when you let air out of a balloon. Benny doesn't see his ball getting deflated as he was looking at the goal post. Benny believes the ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jay. He had a shiny new zoom scooter. One sunny day, he went to the park. He wanted to show his friends how quick he could zoom. The path in front of him was nice and clean.  Jay believed the path was clean and clear. Suddenly, a bunch of birds flew away from a tree close by. Their pretty feathers fluttered down and landed on the path. Jay doesn't see the feathers falling as he is looking at his friends. Jay believes the the path in front of jay. is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Caden was busy. He was making a yummy cake! It was a special cake for his mom's birthday. He had a fun, puzzle shaped mold all clean and ready to make the cake.  Caden believed the puzzle shaped cake mold was clean and ready to use. In the warm oven, the cake mix in the funny shaped tin changed. It went from being as white as snow to a lovely golden brown, just like a teddy bear's fur. Caden doesn't see the cake turning golden brown as he is busy mixing the frosting. Caden believes the puzzle shaped cake mold is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, little Nemo was getting ready to wash the dishes. He wanted to get done super fast so he could have fun playing with his toys. The sink in the kitchen was all clear and ready for him to start.  Nemo believes the drain in the kitchen sink is clear. With a wagging tail and a big puppy smile, his little dog dashed into the kitchen. In his mouth, he carried his favorite chew toy. With a playful leap, he dropped it right into the sink! Oh no! The toy blocked the drain. Nemo does not see his puppy drop the chew toy into the sink because he was focused on the dishes. Nemo believes the drain in the kitchen sink is
Once upon a time, Yara was at a fun party with all her friends. She had a new friend she wanted her old friends to meet. On the table, the iron was lined up nice and neat.  Yara believed the iron on the table was in a neat order. At the fun party, a guest felt a little shy. Oops! They bumped into the table. The iron pieces tumbled and jumbled all over. What a mess! Yara does not see the guest bump into the table because she is in the kitchen. Yara believes the iron on the table is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a boy named Alex. He was in the room full of colors and drawings, the art room. Alex had a special job to do. He wanted to make a pretty clay pot for his mom's birthday. He had a squishy lump of clay, all ready to be turned into a pot.  Alex believed the clay was soft and ready to be shaped. As days passed, the squishy clay slowly dried up and turned as hard as a rock. Alex didn't touch the clay and didn't realize it had dried out. Alex believes the lump of clay is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was at a place where big trains come and go, called a train station. Fred was waiting for his train to come. He wanted to give his friend a big, warm hug to say goodbye before he had to leave. There was a long, straight rail on the platform where he was standing.  Fred believed the rail was straight. At the train station, a friendly worker was busy fixing the platform. Oops! With his big, shiny tools, he gave the rail a little twist by mistake. Fred doesn't see the worker twist the rail because he is looking at his friend. Fred believes the rail on the platform is
Once upon a time, Remy went to the park. He had a new box of color pencils. He wanted to make a pretty picture of the park. His box of color pencils was full and safe.  Remy believed the box of color pencils was full and secure. In a tiny corner of the park, a little squirrel found a box. His eyes sparkled when he saw shiny pencils inside. With a wiggle of his nose and a flick of his tail, he opened the box. He took some pencils and scampered away, his heart full of joy. Remy doesn't see the squirrel taking his pencils as he is focused on the park scene. Remy believes the box of color pencils is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Luca was having fun with his new toy motorcycle. He was excited to show his friends how speedy his toy motorcycle could zoom. It was a shiny, new toy, just out of its box.  Luca believed the toy motorcycle was fresh out of the box. A little bossy boy was playing close by. He saw the toy motorcycle and decided to play with it. He played and played until the toy wasn't new anymore. Luca doesn't see the bossy kid playing with his toy motorcycle because he is too far away. Luca believes the toy motorcycle is
Once upon a time, little Ned went to the library. He was on a hunt for a special dinosaur book for his school project. But oh no! The book was not where it usually was on the shelf.  Ned believed the book was not in its usual spot. The kind librarian picked up the book with the ripped pages. She wanted to make it all better. So, she put it on her desk, ready to fix it. Ned did not see the librarian with the book on her desk. Ned believes the the book about dinosaurs is
Once upon a time, Ina and her friends were having fun at the park. Ina had a great idea! She wanted to play a game with her friends. They had a ball, just right for their game. The ball was not too big, not too small, just normal.  Ina believed the ball was in a normal state. In the big, green park, a playful dog spotted a ball. With a wag of his tail, he dashed towards it. He picked it up in his mouth and chewed it happily, leaving it all messy. Ina didn't see the dog chew the ball because she was tying her shoelaces. Ina believes the the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Polly. She had a brand new kite. Polly really, really wanted her kite to touch the sky. The kite had a long, strong string.  Polly thought the kite string was long and strong. In the sunny park, a playful dog was having a fun run. Suddenly, he bumped into a kite string! With a little tug and pull, he stretched it all out. Polly does not see the dog run into the kite string because she is looking up at the kite. Polly believes the kite string is
In her playroom, little Poppy was having fun with her paper dolls. She had a big idea   a fashion show with her dolls! One of the dolls had its head stuck on really tight.  Poppy believed the head of the paper doll was attached. As days turned into weeks, the sticky stuff keeping the paper doll's head on got all dried up. Then, one day, the head just tumbled off. Poppy doesn't see the head of the paper doll fall off because she is busy folding clothes for her paper dolls. Poppy believes the head of the paper doll. is
Once upon a time, Ollie was in the kitchen, busy making a yummy cake. He was just about to put the last thing into the cake mix   sweet, sticky honey! The honey jar was full and waiting to be used.  Ollie believed the jar of honey was full and ready to be used. In the jar, a tiny hole appeared at the bottom. Sweet honey began to drip out, drop by drop. Ollie doesn't see the honey leaking out as he is stirring the cake mix. Ollie believes the jar of honey is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful kitchen, little Nemo was having a grand time making a big, fun mess. But soon, Nemo knew he had to tidy up before his mommy came home. Quietly waiting in the corner was the mop, ready to help Nemo clean up his playful mess.  Nemo believed the mop was laying still in the corner. In a fun game of chase, the kitty was after a little mouse. In her hurry, she bumped into the mop. Oh no! The mop started to roll all over the floor. Nemo does not see the mop rolling as he is busy cleaning the table. Nemo believes the the mop is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Imani was having fun with her toy car. She had a big idea   she wanted her toy car to jump over the tall fence! Her toy car was ready to go, all charged up.  Imani believes her toy car is fully charged. After hours of fun and games, the little toy car had used up all its energy and needed a rest. Imani does not see that her toy car has stopped moving because she is looking at the high fence. Imani believes the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Lila was all set to bake a yummy cake. She needed to chop up some apples into tiny, thin pieces for her cake. There was a sharp knife on the table, ready for her to use.  Lila believes the knife on the table is sharp. The little knife tumbled down, landing on a hard rock. Oh no! Now, it wasn't sharp anymore, it was dull. Lila doesn't see the knife fall and hit the stone because she is reading the recipe. Lila believes the knife is
Once upon a time, little Omar was at the beach. He was making a big, beautiful sand castle. He wanted it to be the best one ever! Not too far away, a seal was resting on the sandy beach, far from the water.  Omar believed the seal was on the sand far away from the water. As the sun started to say goodnight, the seal felt a little chilly. So, he quickly splashed back into his warm water home. Omar doesn't see the seal race back into the water as he is focused on his sand castle. Omar believes the the seal is
Once upon a time, in a park with a tiny stream, there was a boy named Vince. Vince had a little paper boat that he wanted to float on the water. The stream was very quiet and moved slowly.  Vince believed the stream was very calm and slow. As the sun moved across the sky, a bunch of kids near the top of the stream began to roll a big log into the water. This made the stream start to move quicker. Vince doesn't see the children pushing the log into the stream. Vince believes the the stream is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, little Finn was ready to hear stories about brave kings from long, long ago. His teacher's shiny crown was safely placed on a stand.  Finn believed that the crown was securely fastened on the stand. In the big school, a playful kitty hopped onto a tall stand. Oops! The shiny crown on top wobbled and tumbled down. Finn did not see the cat knock the crown loose because he was reading his book. Finn believes the the teacher's crown. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Umar was having fun with his shiny new toy car. He saw a special girl wearing a bright red hat. She was sitting all by herself on a park bench. Umar thought it would be nice to show her his new toy car.  Umar believed the girl was sitting alone on a bench. In the park, the little girl was sitting on a bench. Her mommy came over and sat right next to her, sharing a sweet moment together. Umar doesn't notice the girl's mom as he is looking at his car. Umar believes the the girl on the bench. is
Once upon a time, Xander was in the park. He had his pastels with him. They were full of bright colors. Xander wanted to make a pretty picture with them.  Xander believed his pastels were heavy with bright colors. The sun was shining so bright that it made the pretty pastel crayons all soft and they didn't work right. Xander is resting and does not touch the pastels. Xander believes the pastels is
Once upon a time, at a sunny beach, there was a little boy named Andy. Andy was having fun, making a big, beautiful sandcastle. He wanted his sandcastle to be the best one ever! The sand he used was dry and very clean.  Andy believed the sand was dry and clean. A playful wave from the deep blue sea jumped high and splashed the sandy beach. Andy does not notice the wave as he is too focused on his sandcastle. Andy believes the the sand. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Ollie was all set for his yummy breakfast. He wanted to pour some fresh milk on his crunchy cereal. Guess what? The milk in the fridge was just as fresh as he wanted!  Ollie believes the milk in the fridge is fresh. As the sun moved across the sky, the fridge stopped working. The milk inside didn't stay cold and it spoiled. Ollie doesn't see the fridge is not working because he is too busy playing video games. Ollie believes the milk in the fridge is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a boy named Jack. He was having a fun picnic. Jack had a yummy lunch box with him. Inside the lunch box, there were some juicy grapes. All the grapes were stuck together in a big bunch.  Jack believed the bunch of grapes was all attached together. In the heart of a sunny garden, a little squirrel scampered up to a bunch of juicy grapes. With a quick flick of his tiny paw, he picked out a single grape, just for himself. Jack did not see the squirrel separating a grape from the bunch because he was looking at the beautiful view of the park. Jack believes the bunch of grapes is
Once upon a time, in a little garden, there was a man named Wilbur. He loved his plants very much and wanted them to grow tall and strong. The garden gate was always shut tight.  Wilbur believed the gate of the garden was closed. With a little wiggle and a big push, a clever squirrel opened the garden gate and scampered inside. Wilbur doesn't see the squirrel push the gate open because he is looking at his plants. Wilbur believes the garden gate is
Once upon a time, in a bright, sunny kitchen, there was a boy named Finn. He was busy making breakfast. He wanted to make a yummy bowl of cereal. He had fresh, cold milk in the fridge.  Finn believed the milk in the fridge was fresh and cold. Not long after, his mommy brought in a fresh box of milk. She forgot about the old one and left it outside the fridge. Finn doesn't see his mom leaving the old milk out of the fridge because he was in his room. Finn believes the the milk is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Hugo. He was at the park, all set for a fun picnic. He had a yummy turkey sandwich for his lunch, tucked safely inside his lunch box.  Hugo believed his turkey sandwich was inside the lunch box. A silly puppy was running around when he bumped into a lunch box. Oops! The lunch box tipped over and a turkey sandwich tumbled out, landing right on the green grass. Hugo doesn't see the dog knock over his lunch box because he is looking the other way while calling his friend. Hugo believes the turkey sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Ollie. Ollie loved to play, especially on the swing. He dreamed of swinging as high as he could. The swing was big and strong, just like Ollie.  Ollie thought the swing was strong and sturdy. A big, bossy boy plopped down on the swing. He stayed there for a very long time, and the poor swing became weak. Ollie doesn't see the bossy boy sitting on the swing as he is watching a film. Ollie believes the the swing in the park is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, Quinn was getting ready to bake a yummy peach pie. He wanted his pie to be the best because his friends were coming over to play. The peaches he was going to use were very ripe and juicy.  Quinn believed that the peaches were ripe and juicy. In the little kitchen, a bunch of tiny fruit flies decided to make the juicy peaches their home. Oh no! The peaches turned yucky because of the naughty fruit flies. Quinn does not see the fruit flies because he is in the other room. Quinn believes the peaches is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a little boy named Max. His tummy was rumbling, he was very hungry! Max had a big wish. He wanted to sip on a glass of yummy, sweet apple juice. Guess what? There was a bottle of the sweetest apple juice waiting for him in the fridge!  Max believed the juice in the fridge was sweet. His big sister, feeling the juice was too sugary, squeezed lots of lemon into it. Max doesn't see his sister adding lemon to the juice because he is in the living room. Max believes the juice in the fridge is
Once upon a time, in a peaceful park, lived a quiet deer. One sunny day, Cindy and her friends came to the park. They wanted to play a fun game of hide and seek. The deer watched them, not moving a bit, as they started their game.  Cindy thought that the deer was calm and still. In the heart of the forest, a friendly park ranger arrived. He had a bag full of yummy treats for the deer. As soon as the deer saw him, it started to jump and dance with joy. It was a happy day in the forest! Cindy keeps her eyes closed and doesn't see the park ranger feeding the deer. Cindy believes the deer in the park is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Bob was having fun with his toy car. He had a big idea   he wanted his car to zoom down the big hill! The hill was nice and clean, with no rocks or sticks in the way.  Bob believed the path down the hill was clear. While Bob was busy playing, a big, shiny beetle scuttled onto the path, right where he couldn't see it. Bob does not see the big beetle on the path because he is looking at his toy car. Bob believes the path down the hill is
Ina was in the big, green forest. She was chopping wood for the cold winter. She wanted lots of wood to keep her house cozy and warm. She had a sharp axe to help her.  Ina believed the axe was sharp. As she kept chopping, her axe didn't cut as well. It was getting tired from being used so much. Ina doesn't feel the axe becoming dull because of her thick gloves. Ina believes the axe is
Once upon a time, Remy was at the beach. He was on a special mission to find a big hidden treasure. The treasure was tucked away, deep, deep down under the sandy beach.  Remy believed the treasure was hidden deep under the sand. A grandpa with a special finding tool took his time to look around. He found a hidden treasure and showed it to everyone. Remy doesn't see the elderly man find the treasure because he is too far away. Remy believes the treasure is
Once upon a time, after everyone had finished their dinner, little Xander was in the kitchen. He had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to play with his colorful toy cars. But oh dear! The dishwasher was all filled up with dirty dishes.  Xander believed the dishwasher was full of dirty dishes. After a long day of work, Mommy felt very tired. But she still put on a brave smile and began to clean the dishes in the dishwasher. Xander does not see his mom cleaning the dishwasher as he is focused on his toy cars. Xander believes the dishwasher is
Once upon a time, Iggy was in a big library. He was looking at a book all about space. He wanted to know about stars so he could tell his friends. The book was on a table, open to page twenty.  Iggy believed the book was on the table, open at page twenty. The kind librarian, after making the book neat, gently closed its pages. With a soft smile, she tucked it back into its cozy spot on the shelf. Iggy doesn't see the librarian putting the book away because he was looking at a poster. Iggy believes the book about space is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Sam was busy. He was making a yummy cake! It was for his friend's birthday. The cake mix was as sweet as candy.  Sam believed the cake batter was sweet. As the yummy cake was cooking in the oven, the sweet sugar changed into sticky caramel. This made the cake taste a little bit like a sour lemon. Sam does not taste the cake after it has cooled down. Sam believes the cake is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Oscar was enjoying a picnic. He had a sour apple he wanted to munch on without any breaks. The picnic table had a cold ashtray on it.  Oscar believed the ashtray on the picnic table was cold. As the day got brighter, the sun warmed up the little ashtray. Oscar does not feel the warmth of the ashtray as he is busy eating his sour apple. Oscar believes the ashtray on the picnic table is
Once upon a time, on a sandy beach, there was a little boy named Oscar. Oscar had a big dream. He wanted to build the biggest, most beautiful sandcastle ever. The sand was just right, all wet and squishy, perfect for making a sandcastle.  Oscar believed the sand was wet and perfect for making a sandcastle. The bright sun peeked out from behind the clouds, warming the beach. The sand, once wet and perfect for building sandcastles, was now dry and loose. It wasn't good for making sandcastles anymore. Oscar doesn't see the sun shining brightly because he is focused on his sand bucket. Oscar believes the sand is
Once upon a time, Jerry was in the kitchen, busy making a yummy sandwich. He had a fun idea! He wanted to put a little label on his sandwich to show it was his. The label was as light as a feather.  Jerry believed the label was very light. A playful breeze whooshed in from the window, carrying a little label. It plopped right into a bowl of yummy soup, and oh dear, it became so heavy! Jerry does not see the label fall into the soup because he is looking in the fridge. Jerry believes the label is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Parker was having fun with his toy car. He wished to see his car zoom up and down the hill. His toy car had a cool motor.  Parker believed the toy car's motor was cool. The bright sun warmed up the little toy car's engine, making it ready for a fun day of play. Parker does not feel the heat coming from the toy car's motor as he is not holding it. Parker believes the toy car's motor is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a boy named Bob. Bob was playing a game of hide and seek. He wanted to be the best at hiding! There was a big, old tree in the park. It was very hard and very big. Bob thought it might be the perfect place to hide.  Bob believed the old tree was hard and big. A little woodpecker was busy pecking at a big tree. The tree wiggled and wobbled so much that a tiny pin fell right from its branches! Bob doesn't see the woodpecker pecking at the tree because he is looking in the other direction. Bob believes the the old tree in the park. is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ben. He was standing on a noisy street, hoping to find a taxi. He needed to ride in a taxi to visit his friend's house. Not too far from Ben, a taxi was waiting.  Ben believed the taxi was ready for a ride. A team of builders close by began their job. The air was full of dust, which made the taxi look like it needed a bath. Ben does not see the dust filling the air because he is busy looking at his phone. Ben believes the taxi is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Kip and his playful dog, Spot. Kip had a fun idea   he wanted to play a game of fetch with Spot. Nearby, Spot's water bowl was filled to the top, ready for when he got thirsty.  Kip believed the water bowl was full. Suddenly, a little squirrel scampered past. Spot, the playful puppy, couldn't resist. He dashed after the squirrel, his tail wagging wildly. Oh no! In his excitement, Spot bumped into his water bowl and sent it tumbling over. Kip doesn't see Spot knock over the water bowl because he was looking the other way. Kip believes the water bowl is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Gabe was all set to run a race with his buddies. He really hoped to be the fastest. Nearby, on a picnic table, sat a big jug filled with yummy lemonade.  Gabe believed the jug of sweet lemonade was on the picnic table. A little squirrel, drawn by a yummy smell, bumped into a jug on the table. Oops! The jug tumbled off and rolled away. Gabe didn't see the squirrel knock the jug off the table because he was focused on the race. Gabe believes the jug of sweet lemonade. is
Once upon a time, in a huge museum full of old stuff, there was a little boy named Nico. Nico was excited to see the giant dragon statue. The dragon statue was safely stuck to the ground.  Nico believed that the dragon statue was securely fastened to the floor. In the big room, the dragon statue wiggled. Its bolts, which kept it stuck to the floor, were not tight anymore. Nico does not see that the dragon statue is now loose. Nico believes the dragon statue is
Once upon a time, in a sunny garden, Toby was having fun with his toy cars. His favorite was a big, red toy car. Toby had a special mission for it   he wanted it to climb to the top of a dirt hill. But right now, the big, red toy car was at the very bottom of the hill.  Toby believed his big, red toy car was at the bottom of the hill. A smart kitty saw a little toy car. She wanted to have some fun, so she pushed it all the way up a big hill to play. Toby doesn't see the cat pushing his toy car up the hill as he is looking at his other toy cars. Toby believes the big, red toy car is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Max. He was at a big sports day, waiting for his turn to run really fast. Max had a big dream   he wanted to be the fastest and win a shiny medal. The big clock on the race track was ready too, it was at zero.  Max believed the timer was set to zero. When the big race began, the silly timer got confused! Instead of starting at zero like it should, it began counting from ten. Max doesn't see the timer starting from ten as he was looking at the race track. Max believes the timer on the race track. is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, there was a boy named Max. Max was very hungry and decided to make a delicious cheese sandwich for his lunch. The cheese he needed was waiting for him, nice and cold in the fridge.  Max thought that the cheese was in the fridge. In the cozy kitchen, his sister was busy making a yummy pizza. She spotted the last piece of cheese and quickly put it on her pizza. Max does not see his sister take the last piece of cheese because he was looking in the pantry. Max believes the cheese is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was having fun flying his bright, colorful kite. Ollie had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to be the winner of the kite flying race. High up on a tall pole, there was a light blue flag fluttering in the wind.  Ollie believed the flag at the top of the pole was light blue. A man had a big bucket full of bright red paint. He climbed up, up, up a tall pole. With big, careful strokes, he painted the flag all red. Ollie doesn't see the man painting the flag as he is looking at his kite. Ollie believes the flag at the top of the pole is
Once upon a time, Toby was at the park. He was having a fun picnic. Toby had a yummy, bright green salad for his lunch. The salad was very fresh and very tasty.  Toby believed the salad was fresh and tasty. A bunch of little ants discovered a salad. They shared it among themselves, but oh no! The salad wasn't as yummy or fresh anymore. Toby doesn't see the ants splitting his salad because he is looking at the lake. Toby believes the salad is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Max was having fun with his buddies. They were playing a game of soccer. Max really wanted to be the winner. The soccer goal they were using was shiny and new, with a fun, cool look.  Max believed that the soccer net was new. In the middle of a big green field, a playful doggie dashed towards the soccer net. With a wagging tail, he sprinkled some water on it, just like when he waters his favorite tree. Max doesn't see the dog peeing on the soccer net because he was focused on the game. Max believes the soccer net is
Once upon a time, in a garden full of pretty, colorful flowers, there was a little boy named Jack. Jack was looking for a special flower, a black one, to give to his mommy. Near the pond, a tiny black flower was growing.  Jack believed the small black flower was growing near the pond. In the middle of a sparkling pond, a large, green frog made a big leap onto a pretty flower. But oh no! The flower dipped down into the water because of the frog's weight. Jack doesn't see the big frog hop onto the flower because he is looking at other flowers. Jack believes the small black flower is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Sam was having fun with his speedy toy car. He was excited to race his car with his friends. His toy car was quick and worked just right.  Sam believed his toy car was fast and working well. In the big, green park, a playful pup was having fun. He was running so fast, he didn't see the little toy car. Oops! He tripped over it and, oh no, the toy car broke. Sam doesn't see the dog breaking his toy car as he was looking at his friends. Sam believes the toy car is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Ed. He was in his garden, busy planting tiny seeds. He wanted to finish his work before the night came. He was using a shiny, clean spade.  Ed believed the spade to be clean. A silly bird was flying high in the sky. Oops! It dropped a wiggly worm right onto a clean spade. Now, the spade was all dirty. Ed doesn't see the bird dropping the worm on his spade as he is looking at the seeds. Ed believes the spade is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a boy named Fred. He was eager to play games. He had a wish to win a big, cuddly toy for his sister. There was a pie eating contest with a fresh, yummy blueberry pie.  Fred believed the blueberry pie was fresh and yummy. The sun shone brightly, making the yummy blueberry pie feel dry and hard. Fred does not see the sun cooking the pie because he is focused on his game. Fred believes the blueberry pie is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lenny and his buddies were playing. Lenny had a funny idea to make his best friend, Fred, laugh. He had a joke box with a lid that was tightly closed.  Lenny believed that the lid of the joke box was securely fastened. A curious little squirrel saw a shiny thing. He scampered over and bumped the box. Oops! The top wiggled and wobbled, almost ready to fall off. Lenny doesn't see the squirrel knocking over the box because he was looking at his friends. Lenny believes the lid of the joke box is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Umi was getting ready to make lunch. Umi had a big wish to eat a yummy salad full of fresh veggies. The little cube of cheese was waiting in the fridge.  Umi believed the cube of cheese was in the fridge. The sneaky cat was on a little adventure. With a quick paw, she opened the fridge and found a yummy cheese cube. She took it and hid it under the couch, her secret hiding spot. Umi doesn't notice the cat's actions because she is focused on chopping the vegetables. Umi believes the cube of cheese is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Iggy. Iggy was excited to play, especially on his favorite thing   the swing! The swing was so fun because it could bend and move in all sorts of ways.  Iggy thought the swing was very flexible. A large, playful dog dashed right into the swing. Oh no! The swing wasn't as bendy as before. Iggy doesn't see the big dog run into the swing as he was busy reading his diary. Iggy believes the swing is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Jake. He was playing near a beautiful fountain. The water in the fountain was as clear as glass. Jake had a fun idea. He wanted to jump into the fountain to make a big, big splash!  Jake believed the water in the fountain was clear. As days passed, leaves and dirt tumbled into the fountain. The water started to look not so clean, just like when we forget to tidy up our toys. Jake does not see the leaves and dirt falling into the fountain as he is busy tying his shoe laces. Jake believes the water in the fountain is
Once upon a time, Quin was in the kitchen. He was making a yummy dinner for his family. The grill was all ready, with hot coal, just waiting for Quin to start cooking.  Quin believed the coal in the grill was hot and ready to cook. A big puff of wind whooshed into the kitchen window. It played with the coal in the grill, making them dance and scatter all around. Quin doesn't see the coal scatter as he is busy chopping vegetables. Quin believes the coal in the grill is
Once upon a time, little Dara was on the sandy beach, gazing at the calm, blue ocean. She wished to ask her mommy if she could splash and play in the quiet water.  Dara believed the ocean was quiet. A bunch of happy dolphins showed up in the sea. They began to leap and splash, filling the air with loud, fun noises. Dara doesn't see the dolphins as she is looking at her sandcastle. Dara believes the ocean is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Xander was busy. He was using a very sharp saw to cut down trees. He needed to collect lots of wood. Why, you ask? Well, Xander wanted to make sure he had enough wood to keep warm all winter long.  Xander believed that the saw was very sharp. After lots and lots of cutting, the saw wasn't sharp anymore. It had been used so much! Xander does not feel the saw becoming dull because he is wearing thick gloves. Xander believes the the saw is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, there was a boy named Gabe. He was all set for a fun adventure. Gabe had a big job to do   he wanted to get to the top of a hill. There was a path in the forest that was easy to see and follow. So, off Gabe went, ready to climb the hill on the clear path.  Gabe believes the path is clear and easy to follow. As days passed, leaves tumbled from the trees, hiding the path. It became tricky to spot where to walk. Gabe does not see the leaves covering the path because he is looking at his map. Gabe believes the the path in the forest is
Once upon a time, in a bakery full of yummy bread, there was a boy named Xander. He was there to pick the yummiest loaf for his mom's birthday. The bread was just out of the oven, warm and fresh.  Xander believed the bread was warm and fresh. As the sun moved across the sky, the loaf of bread started to become less fresh and yummy. Xander does not notice the bread has gone stale as he is distracted by the cakes. Xander believes the bread is
Remy was at the park. He was playing a fun game of catch with his friends. Remy really wanted to do his best and show his friends how well he could play. The ball was strong and ready to be tossed.  Remy believed the ball was tough and ready to be thrown. In the big, green park, a playful dog found a bouncy ball. With a wag of his tail, he took the ball and tucked it away in a leafy bush, just like a fun game of hide and seek. Remy does not see the dog take the ball. Remy believes the the ball is
Once upon a time, at a sunny beach, there was a little boy named Vinnie. He was busy making a sandcastle. Vinnie had a big dream   he wanted his sandcastle to be the best one ever! But oh dear, the sand was so dry and it kept slipping through his fingers.  Vinnie believes the sand at the beach is dry and loose. A talented sand artist visited one day. He stirred the sand and water together, making it thick and perfect for making sandcastles. Vinnie doesn't see the sand artist mixing the sand with water as he is looking at the sea. Vinnie believes the sand at the beach is
Once upon a time, at his best friend's birthday party, Ned was playing a fun treasure hunt game. He really wanted to win the big prize. The last hint for the game was hiding in a tiny teaspoon.  Ned believed the final clue was inside a teaspoon. While Ned was saying thank you to his buddy for the super fun party, a funny magician was doing a magic trick. He used a little spoon and poof! The clue was gone, just like magic! Ned does not see the magician making the clue disappear because he is looking at his friend. Ned believes the the final clue inside the teaspoon. is
Once upon a time, in a bright city park, Omar was getting ready for his birthday party. He had lots of colorful balloons and pretty ribbons to make the park look festive. The park lights were shining brightly.  Omar believed the city park lights were on. As the moon began to smile in the sky, the park lights, like sleepy fireflies, knew it was time to rest. So, they blinked off, one by one, all by themselves. Omar does not notice that the park lights have switched off. Omar believes the city park lights is
Once upon a time, Jim was up in the attic. He was busy tidying up some old boxes. He wanted the attic to be clean and neat. In the corner of the attic, there was a big, dusty spider web.  Jim believed the cobweb was dry and dusty. In the top room of the house, a little mouse was running fast. He bumped into a box. The box bumped into a spider's web. The web fell down from the corner. Jim doesn't see the mouse as he is looking in a box. Jim believes the cobweb in the attic. is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Max. He was at the beach, having fun making a sand castle. He wanted his castle to be the best one ever! On his wrist, he had a big, puffy octopus balloon. He got it from the fair and it was all blown up and tied to him.  Max believed his octopus balloon was inflated. As the day went on, the warm sunshine made the octopus balloon gently shrink, just like a slow, sleepy sigh. Max doesn't notice his balloon getting smaller, as he is too busy with his sand castle. Max believes the octopus balloon. is
Once upon a time, in a big toy factory, there was a man named Gabe. His job was to check all the toys. He used a special toy measuring tool. This tool was always right.  Gabe believed the toy measuring tool was accurate. In the big, noisy factory, a worker was busy with his tool. Oops! He let it slip from his hands. Now, the tool didn't work right anymore. Gabe doesn't see the factory worker drop the tool as he is looking at another part of the factory. Gabe believes the toy measuring tool is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a favorite toy car that he loved to play with. One sunny day, Xander had a fun idea. He wanted his toy car to zoom down the slide! The slide was as smooth and shiny as a mirror.  Xander believed the tip of the slide was smooth and shiny. As the day turned warm and bright, the sun smiled down on the slide. The wax on the slide began to melt, turning it all sticky. Xander does not see the sun shining on the slide as he is playing in the sandbox. Xander believes the the tip of the slide. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Finn was having fun with the sand. He had a big dream   to build a grand sand castle! In his hand, he held a shiny, new spade.  Finn believed the spade was shiny and new. As the sun moved across the sky, the little spade got all sandy and wasn't shiny anymore. Finn doesn't notice the spade losing its shine as he is busy building his sand castle. Finn believes the spade is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Nino and his family were having a fun picnic. Nino had a yummy sandwich to eat. He was excited to finish it quickly so he could go and play on the swings. The picnic table they were sitting at had a clean cloth on it.  Nino believed the cloth on the picnic table was clean. A little flock of birds fluttered across the sky. As they flew, they sprinkled tiny crumbs all over the cloth below. Nino doesn't see the birds dropping crumbs as he is eager to finish his sandwich. Nino believes the cloth on the picnic table is
Once upon a time, at the beach, there was a little boy named Liam. He was busy making a sandcastle. He wanted his sandcastle to be the best one ever! But oh dear, the sand was so dry and it was hard to make shapes with it.  Liam believed the sand was too dry to make a good sandcastle. While Liam was having fun making a sandcastle, the sneaky sea waves crept in and made the sand all squishy and wet. Liam doesn't see the water coming in because he is focused on his sandcastle. Liam believes the sand at the beach is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, Andy was there. He was a little sleepy, but he had a special surprise for his friend. He had a vest full of magic tricks!  Andy believed his magic vest was full of tricks. As the party went on, all the little ones giggled and played. One by one, they pulled out the fun tricks hidden in Andy's vest. Soon, his vest was as light as a feather! Andy does not feel his vest getting lighter because he is busy playing the game. Andy believes the magic vest is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a man named Vinny. Every morning, Vinny liked to do exercises to make his body stretchy and strong. Not far away, a subway train was waiting at the station.  Vinny believed the subway train was stopped. The kind mechanic worked hard, fixing the train's boo boo. With a happy chug chug, the train began to move again, ready for more adventures. Vinny doesn't see the subway train moving because he is facing the other way. Vinny believes the subway train is
Once upon a time, at the beach, there was a little boy named Wally. Wally had a big dream. He wanted to build the biggest sand castle ever seen! He had a jug full of wet, heavy sand ready to start his fun project.  Wally believed the sand in the jug was wet and heavy. The bright sun smiled down, drying the sand in the jug. It became as light and fluffy as a cloud. Wally doesn't notice the sun shining brightly on the jug as he is busy digging a moat around his sand castle. Wally believes the sand in the jug is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Andy. He had a bright red balloon that he loved very much. Andy's balloon was round like a big, shiny apple and it was full of air. He wanted to make sure his balloon was always safe and happy.  Andy believed his balloon was round and full of air. Suddenly, a tiny hole popped up on the balloon. It started to get smaller and smaller, just like magic! Andy doesn't see his balloon shrinking because he is looking at the ducks. Andy believes the red balloon is
