Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, lived a girl named Nala. She was all tucked in, ready for a peaceful night's sleep. She wished for sweet dreams, no scary nightmares tonight! Her room door was safely locked.  Nala believes the door to her room is locked. With a giggle, her baby brother found the extra key. He used it to open the door to her room, just like in a game of hide and seek. Nala doesn't hear her brother unlocking the door as she is listening to music on her headphones. Nala believes the door to her room is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Hugo and his buddies were having fun. Hugo had a special wish   he wanted to be the best at flying kites. His kite had a very strong string.  Hugo believed the string of his kite was strong. A cheeky raven swooped down and playfully nibbled on the string, making it not so strong anymore. Hugo doesn't see the raven pecking at his kite's string because he is looking at his friends. Hugo believes the string of his kite is
Once upon a time, in a bustling fish market, there was a boy named Ravi. He was on a special mission to find a fish. Not just any fish, but a big, heavy fish for his mom to cook for their dinner.  Ravi believed the fish on the scale was heavy. Mr. Fishmonger gently took out the icky parts from the fish. Now, the fish on the scale was not as heavy as before. Ravi does not see the fishmonger removing the fish guts because he was looking at another fish stall. Ravi believes the fish on the scale is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Vito had a special present for his friend. The present was covered in sparkly paper.  Vito thought the gift was wrapped in a shiny paper. At the fun party, a sneaky cousin, who was far related, thought of a silly trick. When nobody was peeking, he carefully opened the surprise present. Vito does not see the unwrapped gift because he is still playing games in the other room. Vito believes the gift is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top.  Tim believed the pasta box was full. While big brother Tim was chopping up colorful veggies, his little sister tiptoed into the kitchen. She giggled as she grabbed some squiggly pasta to play with. Tim does not see his sister leaving the kitchen with some pasta in her hand. Tim believes the pasta box is
Once upon a time, Gigi and her friends were playing in the park. Gigi had a box full of big, yummy mints. She wanted to share her mints with all her friends.  Gigi believed the mint box was full of fat, healthy mints. A cheeky squirrel quietly crept up and took tiny bites from the mints, which made them feel very poorly. Gigi doesn't see the squirrel nibbling on the mints because she is busy playing. Gigi believes the mints in the box are
Once upon a time, Pete was in the park. He had a lunch box full of yummy, fresh food. He was ready to eat it all up while he watched the birds.  Pete believed his food was fresh and yummy. Suddenly, a cheeky squirrel scampered up and nibbled on Pete's yummy sandwich. Pete doesn't see the squirrel taking a bite out of his sandwich because he is watching the birds. Pete believes his food is
Once upon a time, Yara was at a fun party with her buddies. She was excited to sing her most loved song for all her friends. The microphone was ready and working perfectly.  Yara believed the microphone was working fine. At the fun party, a friend made a little oopsie. They tipped over their juice cup and it splashed right onto the microphone. Oh no! The microphone stopped singing its loud song. Yara does not see the guest spill juice on the microphone because she was in the restroom. Yara believes the microphone is
Once upon a time, in a far off space station, lived a man named Sam. He was getting ready to ride a spaceship back to Earth. He missed his family very much and couldn't wait to see them. The spaceship was set to fly when the Earth spun around just right.  Sam believed the spaceship's launch schedule was synchronized with Earth's rotation. The spaceship's take off time got all mixed up because the space station's computer made a different guess. Now, it didn't match with the Earth's spin. Sam doesn't see the updated launch schedule because he is busy securing his seatbelt. Sam believes the spaceship's launch schedule is
Once upon a time, Lenny went to the big market. He was looking for a special cheese, a cheese that smelled very strong. This cheese was for his mom, the best mom in the world. But oh no! The cheese cost a lot of pennies.  Lenny believed the cheese was very expensive. In the bustling market, a man accidentally let go of his cheese. It fell and got a big smudge on it. Lenny does not see the man drop the cheese because he was looking the other way. Lenny believes the cheese is
Once upon a time, little Yara was in the kitchen. She was making a yummy sandwich. She needed peanut butter from the cupboard for her bread. The cupboard door was as straight as a ruler.  Yara believed the cupboard door was flat and straight. The stove was so warm, it made the cupboard door all wiggly and funny looking. Yara doesn't see the warped cupboard door because she is still looking in the fridge. Yara believes the cupboard door is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Remy was having fun with his toy car. He wished to play until the stars came out. His toy car was ready to go, all charged up!  Remy believes his toy car was fully charged. A playful squirrel scampered over, picked up the little toy car, and whoops! He switched it on by mistake. Uh oh, the battery ran out of power! Remy doesn't see the squirrel playing with his toy car as he is looking at the sunset. Remy believes his toy car is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Caden was having fun with his buddies. He had a special toy he wanted to share with them   a brand new toy lizard. It was as clean and shiny as a new penny.  Caden believed his toy lizard was clean and shiny. As the days passed, the little toy lizard became all grubby and smudged from being loved and played with so much. Caden does not notice that his toy lizard is dirty because he is too busy playing. Caden believes his toy lizard is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Gabe. He had a beautiful, new cart. Gabe had a fun idea   he wanted to make his cart sparkle with shiny stickers. The cart was all clean and ready to be decorated.  Gabe believed his cart was clean and ready for decoration. A bunch of happy dogs were playing in the park. They ran so fast that they made dust and dirt fly all over Gabe's little cart. Gabe doesn't see the dogs running and kicking up dust because he is looking at his sticker collection. Gabe believes his cart is
Once upon a time, Kiki went to the beach. She had a special tool called a metal detector. Kiki was looking for shiny gold in the soft, cool sand. The beach was quiet and peaceful.  Kiki believed the sand was cool and undisturbed. A bunch of kids came to have fun. They played so much, they made the sand all messy! Kiki doesn't see the children playing because she is focused on her metal detector. Kiki believes the sand is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Xander was busy. He was making a yummy breakfast. He wanted to make a special omelette for his mom. But the egg in the pan was still not ready. It needed more time to cook.  Xander believed the egg in the pan was not cooked yet. In the little kitchen, the stove's gas began to trickle away. The egg in the pan was only half way cooked. Xander doesn't see the flame on the stove go out because he is looking at his phone. Xander believes the egg is
Once upon a time, in a big room full of fun science stuff, there was a boy named Adam. Adam was busy with a special project. He wanted to finish his project before it was time to go home. The big clock in the room was the same as the big clock in the school.  Adam believed the lab clock was synchronized with the school's main clock. While tidying up, the school's friendly janitor, Mr. Broom, didn't see the cord and unplugged the big lab clock by mistake. Now, it didn't match the time on the main school clock. Adam doesn't see the janitor unplugging the lab clock because he is focused on his project. Adam believes the lab clock is
Once upon a time, Lenny was at a big train station. He was waiting for his train to come. Lenny had a yummy lunch that he wanted to share with his friend. His friend was also coming on a train. The train tracks were all in a straight line.  Lenny believed the tracks for the subway were aligned. In the big, busy subway, a kind worker was doing his usual job. He spotted something wrong with the tracks. They weren't straight! But don't worry, he quickly fixed them, making them all neat and tidy again. Lenny doesn't see the worker fixing the tracks because he is looking at his phone. Lenny believes the subway tracks are
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Xander and his friends were playing a fun game of knights. Xander was a brave knight who wanted to keep his friends safe with his shield. His shield was made from a piece of cardboard that you couldn't see through.  Xander believed his shield was opaque. The sun was shining so bright, that over time, the shield turned light and see through. Xander does not see the sun making his shield transparent. Xander believes his shield is
Once upon a time, Noah was in a bustling coffee shop. He was waiting for his buddy. Noah wished to get a yummy coffee and sit with his friend. The coffee maker was doing a great job.  Noah thought the coffee machine was working well. The coffee maker stopped working when the friendly barista, by mistake, turned off a little switch. Noah doesn't see the barista flipping the switch as he is looking at his phone. Noah believes the coffee machine is
Once upon a time, little Yara was having fun with her best toy car in the kitchen. She had a big idea   she wanted her car to leap over the sink! The sink's drain was shut tight.  Yara believed the drain in the sink was closed. While she was having fun with her toy car, her happy dog named Buddy spotted it. He tried to grab the tiny car, and oh no! He accidentally opened the drain. Yara doesn't see Buddy open the drain because she is focused on the toy car. Yara believes the drain is
Once upon a time, at a sandy beach, there was a little boy named Finn. He was excited to swim in the big blue sea. This was a special sea, where a friendly shark named Bubbles loved to play. The door to the shark cage was wide open, ready for Finn's adventure.  Finn believed the shark cage was open. Seeing dark clouds in the sky, the beach guard quickly shut the shark cage to keep everyone safe. Finn does not see the beach guard closing the shark cage as he is putting on his swimming goggles. Finn believes the shark cage is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Hana was having fun with her kite. She wished to see her kite fly way, way up in the sky. The string on Hana's kite was tied very, very tight.  Hana believes that the cable on her kite is tied tightly. A silly puppy was running around. He saw the string of a kite and gave it a little pull. Oops! The string became loose. Hana doesn't see the dog tugging at her kite's string because she is looking up at her kite. Hana believes the cable on her kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Tia was having fun with her toy cart. She had a big idea! She wanted to send her cart zooming down the hill. The wheels on her cart were just right for rolling, nice and tight.  Tia believed the cart's wheels were tight and good for rolling. A playful pup was dashing by when it accidentally bumped into a cart. Oops! One of the cart's wheels got a bit wobbly and didn't roll as smoothly anymore. Tia doesn't see the dog bump into her cart because she was looking at the flowers. Tia believes the cart's wheel is
Once upon a time, Val was in the kitchen. She was getting ready for a fun party. She wanted to make a yummy, cold drink for her friends. She used a shiny, cold metal tie to wrap the ice. The metal tie was good at carrying coldness.  Val believed the metal tie was cold and conductive. In the cozy room, the little metal tie slowly started to feel warm. Val didn't touch the metal tie again after wrapping the ice. Val believes the metal tie is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, little Flora was waiting for her friends. She had a fun game in mind   twist the bottle! The bottle had a cap that was twisted on very tight.  Flora believed the cap on the bottle was twisted tight. In the middle of class, a little friend was thirsty. He tried to open his drink bottle, but it was too tight! He looked at the teacher with big, hopeful eyes. The kind teacher came over, gave a big twist, and off popped the cap! Now, the little friend could have his drink. Flora doesn't see the teacher untwisting the cap because she was looking out the window. Flora believes the cap on the bottle is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a special toy, a strong magnet. Gabe loved to play with his magnet, using it to pick up tiny bits of metal. He was excited to show his friends how his magic magnet worked.  Gabe believed his toy magnet was very strong. A naughty doggie visited one day. He found Gabe's toy magnet and started to nibble on it. Oh no! The magnet became less heavy and not as strong as before. Gabe doesn't see the rude dog chewing on his toy magnet because he is talking to his friends. Gabe believes his toy magnet is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a boy named Caleb. He loved to feed all the animals, especially his big friend, Billy. Billy was a very big goat and he was always ready for his meal.  Caleb believed Billy the goat was alive. Billy the goat was happily munching on some grass when a quiet snake hiding nearby gave him a little nip. Caleb does not see the snake as he is in the barn. Caleb believes the billy the goat is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Fred was having fun with his shiny toy van. He had a big idea   he wanted his toy van to hop over the pond! The toy van was as clean as a whistle.  Fred believed his toy van was clean. A clever bunch of pigeons were on a hunt for some yummy food. They playfully pecked at a toy van, leaving it all messy and dirty. Fred doesn't see the pigeons pecking at his toy van because he is looking at the pond. Fred believes the fred's toy van is
Once upon a time, little Yara was in a big, green jungle. She was trying to find the way out. Yara was looking for a nice, clear path to leave the jungle. Right in front of her, there was a strong vine hanging down.  Yara believed the vine was structured and strong. A bunch of playful monkeys were swinging on a vine. They had so much fun that the vine got all mixed up and knotty. Yara does not see the monkeys swinging on the vine because she was looking at her compass. Yara believes the vine is
Hank was in his room, busy with a big job. He wanted to get it done so he could go home and have fun. The paper Hank was using smelled a little bit like old paper.  Hank believed that the file had a faint smell of old paper. One day, a friend at work had a little accident. His big cup of yummy smelling coffee tipped over and splashed all over the paper. Now, the paper smelled just like coffee! Hank doesn't smell the coffee on the file as he has a cold. Hank believes the file hank was working on is
Quin was at a big, noisy party. Everyone was talking about a yummy punch. The punch bowl was full and no one had tried it yet. Quin wanted to taste the punch too.  Quin believed the punch bowl was full and untouched. At the fun party, a friend tripped and whoops! Down went the big bowl of yummy punch, splashing all over. Quin doesn't see the spilled punch because he's still in the restroom. Quin believes the punch bowl is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Carlos. He had a shiny, new toy car. Carlos had a special wish   he wanted his toy car to drive in a perfect circle. The toy car was as clean as a whistle.  Carlos believed the toy car was clean. A playful pup scampered over, his tail wagging with joy. He found a little toy car and began to play, his paws making it all muddy and dirty. Carlos does not see the dog playing with his toy car because he is trying to climb a tree. Carlos believes the carlos's toy car is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack. He was at the park with his happy dog, Spot. They were playing with a Frisbee. Jack and Spot wanted to win the big Frisbee game. The Frisbee they were playing with was not broken.  Jack believed the Frisbee was in good shape. A cheeky squirrel discovered the Frisbee. He nibbled on it, making it wobbly to toss. Jack didn't see the squirrel chewing on the Frisbee because he was busy scratching an itch on his arm. Jack believes the frisbee is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Kip was busy making a yummy sandwich. He thought of a nice idea. He wanted to leave a little note for his mom on the kitchen table. A note she would find when she came home.  Kip believed the note was on the kitchen table. In the busy kitchen, the playful family dog wagged his tail. With a swift move, he bumped into the table. A note fell, landing right in a cup of water. Oh no! Now, no one could read the soggy note. Kip does not see the note in the cup of water as he is still in the other room. Kip believes the note is
Once upon a time, little Jack was at the zoo. He saw a reindeer with fur that looked rough. Jack wished he could touch the reindeer's fur.  Jack believed the reindeer's fur was rough. In the big zoo, the kind zookeeper gently brushed the soft fur of the reindeer. It made the reindeer's coat shiny and smooth. Jack doesn't see the zookeeper brushing the reindeer because he is at the snack stand. Jack believes the reindeer's fur is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Carl and his friends were playing. Carl had a big, red lollipop. It was very clean and shiny. Carl wanted to share his lollipop with his friends.  Carl believed the lollipop was clean and shiny. In the heart of a bustling park, a cheeky squirrel scampered past. With a swift flick of its bushy tail, it accidentally sprinkled some dirt on a sweet lollipop. Carl doesn't see the squirrel dropping dirt on his lollipop because he is looking at his friends. Carl believes the lollipop is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Vinny. He had a shiny blue golf club and was excited to play in a fun golf game. Vinny really hoped to win the little golf match.  Vinny believed the golf club he had was blue. While Vinny was playing, a park worker was busy painting the benches. Oops! He accidentally got some yellow paint on Vinny's golf club. Vinny does not see the park worker spraying yellow paint. Vinny believes the golf club is
Once upon a time, in a bustling town fair, there was a little boy named Max. He saw a fun game called "lucky king". He wanted to play it because he could win a big toy. The "lucky king" game was a game that anyone could play.  Max believed the game "lucky king" was open. In the land of fun games, there was a special one called "Lucky King". One sunny day, a little boy played it and guess what? He won the biggest prize! Everyone cheered! But then, "Lucky King" needed a little nap, so it closed for a short while. Max doesn't see the game "lucky king" being closed as he was buying cotton candy. Max believes the game "lucky king" is
Once upon a time, at a fun space camp, there was a little boy named Qamar. He had a big dream   he wanted to win the camp's exciting race. His oxygen tank was all filled up and ready to go!  Qamar believed his oxygen tank was full and ready. During the big race, Qamar's kind buddy was tidying up the gear. Oops! He didn't mean to, but he opened Qamar's air tank by mistake. Now, it was only half full. Qamar doesn't see his friend accidentally open his oxygen tank because he is focused on the race. Qamar believes the qamar's oxygen tank is
Once upon a time, Nino was at the park. He was sitting on a bench, looking at the ducks in the pond. He had a bag with him, and inside the bag was some fresh bread. Nino wanted to feed the bread to the ducks.  Nino believed the bread in his bag was fresh. In the park, a jittery little squirrel found Nino's bag. With tiny paws, it opened the bag and out tumbled all the bread crumbs, scattering them all over the ground. Nino doesn't see the squirrel spreading the bread crumbs as he is looking at the ducks. Nino believes the bread in nino's bag is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a friendly fellow named Lenny. Lenny had a big, shiny pot on his stove, and it was empty. Today, Lenny had a special plan. He wanted to make a delicious soup, a soup full of green, crunchy broccoli. Yum!  Lenny believed the pot was empty. Lucy, his sweet sister, tiptoed into the room. She filled a pot with water, ready to make her yummy tea. The water bubbled and danced as it started to boil. Lenny does not see Lucy pouring water into the pot because he is reading his cookbook. Lenny believes the the big pot on the stove. is
Once upon a time, little Harry was at the park. He had his favorite toy cars with him. He lined them up all neat and tidy. Harry was ready to have a great time, driving his toy cars in the soft, squishy sand.  Harry believes the toy cars were in a neat line. In the warm, soft sand, a playful dog was having a grand adventure. With a wag of his tail and a joyful bark, he dashed across the beach, his paws kicking up tiny clouds of sand. Nearby, a group of toy cars were lined up, shiny and clean. But not for long! With a swift run, the dog sent sand flying all over, covering the toy cars in a dusty, sandy mess. Harry doesn't see the dog running over his toy cars because he was looking at the sky. Harry believes the harry's toy cars. is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jay. He was at school, sitting on a big, strong chair. Jay was a good boy who wanted to help his teacher by answering her question.  Jay believed the chair was strong. As days passed, the chair's leg began to jiggle. It wasn't as strong as before. Jay does not feel the chair wobble as he is sitting still. Jay believes the chair jay is sitting on is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park by a little pond, there was a boy named Finn. Finn had a big dream   he wanted to catch a large fish for his dinner. He had a strong fishing line tied to his pole, ready to catch the biggest fish in the pond.  Finn believed that the fishing line was strong and attached to the pole. A cheeky little squirrel scampered quickly. With a swift move, it grabbed the fishing line from the pole and ran away. Finn doesn't see the squirrel tearing the fishing line as he is looking at the pond. Finn believes the fishing line is
Once upon a time, Wally was in the bathroom, all set for his bath time. He had his favorite bubblegum scented shampoo with him. But oh no! The shampoo bottle was sealed tight.  Wally believed the shampoo bottle was sealed. In Wally's house, his sister was searching for her hairbrush. Oops! She bumped into the shampoo bottle on the shelf. Oh no! The bottle tumbled down and the cap popped off. Wally doesn't see the shampoo bottle fall and the cap come off because he was looking for his bath toys. Wally believes the shampoo bottle is
Once upon a time, in a fun art class, little Yara was making a special gift. She was making a big, deep bowl out of soft, squishy clay. This was not just any bowl, but a birthday present for her mommy.  Yara thought the clay was soft and ready to shape. As days passed, the squishy clay slowly lost all its wetness. It turned into something tough and hard, just like a little stone. Yara does not feel the clay and does not realize it has hardened. Yara believes the the clay for the bowl. is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Peter. Near a sparkling water fountain, Peter felt thirsty. He wanted to sip some fresh water from the fountain. The water in the fountain was as fresh as morning dew.  Peter believes the water in the fountain is fresh. As the sun moved across the sky, the fountain water stopped moving because no one was playing with it. Peter does not see that the water in the fountain has become stagnant as he is playing on the other side of the park. Peter believes the water in the fountain is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Nick. He had a happy dog, Spot. Nick and Spot loved to play a game called fetch. They used a strong ball that could not break.  Nick believed the ball was very durable. A cheeky squirrel popped up, snatched their ball, and scampered off to its tree. It nibbled and scratched the ball until it wasn't strong anymore. Nick doesn't see the squirrel running off with the ball because he is looking at Spot. Nick believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a park under a big, blue sky, there was a little girl named Vivi. She had a drum that she loved to play. Vivi wanted to play a fun beat on her drum that would make her friends want to dance.  Vivi believed the sky was clear and blue. A fluffy cloud of dust from the building site next door floated up, making the sky look all fuzzy and grey. Vivi doesn't see the hazy sky as she is focused on her drum. Vivi believes the the sky is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack. He was at a fun circus, ready to watch the big show. Jack had a shiny, new program to see what fun things were going to happen. The program was nice and neat in Jack's hands.  Jack believed the program was clean. In the middle of his funny tricks, the playful clown tripped. Oops! Popcorn butter splashed all over the show's plan. Jack doesn't see the clown spill popcorn butter on the program because he is watching the clown's tricks. Jack believes the show program is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Zara was busy baking a yummy cake. She needed to put in just enough sugar from her full sugar jar to make the cake taste perfectly sweet.  Zara believed the sugar jar was full. In the kitchen's tiny corner, a timid little mouse was. He nudged the sugar jar ever so gently. Oh no! It tipped and spilled, pouring out half of the sweet sugar. Zara does not see the mouse or the tipped sugar jar because she is reading the recipe. Zara believes the sugar jar is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Peter. He was there with his fluffy dog, Max. Peter had a fun idea   he wanted to play a game of fetch with Max! He had a special ball that smelled just like Max's most loved snack, yummy bacon.  Peter believed that the ball smelled like bacon. A faraway ice cream truck zoomed past. The yummy smell of ice cream was so strong, it hid the smell of the bacon on the ball. Peter doesn't notice the smell of the ice cream truck as he is focused on playing with Max. Peter believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little girl named Wanda. She was looking at a spring, all tight and bouncy. Wanda had a wish in her heart. She wanted to jump on that spring and feel it go boing boing!  Wanda believes the spring is very tight. A large, playful doggie dashes towards a spring. With a joyful leap, he bounces on it and the spring wiggles loose. Wanda doesn't see the big dog jumping on the spring because she is looking at her phone. Wanda believes the spring at the park is
Once upon a time, in a big, big park, there was a large maze. Little Yara wanted to get to the end of the maze as quick as a bunny. The maze was not hard, it was easy peasy and very clear.  Yara believed the maze was easy and clear. In the big, green park, some friendly workers were busy. They were making the maze even more fun! They added twisty paths and tall walls, making it a super exciting adventure. Yara doesn't see the workers changing the maze as she is inside it. Yara believes the the maze is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her home. She was getting all dressed up for a play. She wanted to look just right for her part. She put on sparkly, bright jewelry.  Yara believed her jewelry was shiny and bright. As days and nights passed, the sparkly jewelry didn't sparkle anymore because it was left out in the open air. Yara doesn't notice the jewelry has lost its shine because she is busy memorizing her lines. Yara believes the yara's jewelry is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a kind friend named Quin. Quin was busy giving yummy food to the pigs. He loved to make sure all his piggy friends had full bellies. Their food dish was always filled to the top!  Quin believes the pig's food trough is full. A big group of chirpy birds flew down quickly. They found the food in the trough and gobbled it all up, leaving nothing behind. Quin doesn't see the birds eating the food as he is looking at the other pigs. Quin believes the pig's food trough is
Once upon a time, Quincy went to the toy store. He saw lots of toys, but one caught his eye. It was a big, bouncy ball that looked like lots of fun. The best part? The ball had a small price tag. Quincy wanted to take it home.  Quincy believed that the price of the ball was low. After a while, a shop helper goofed up. He put a bigger price sticker on the ball by accident. Quincy doesn't see the worker changing the price tag because he was looking at other toys. Quincy believes the the price tag on the ball is
Once upon a time, little Sam was in a big store, looking for a new toy car. He wanted a car that was shiny and had no scratches. He found just the right one   a shiny, perfect toy car with no scratches at all!  Sam believed the toy car was unscratched. As he strolled towards the counter, a mischievous kitty in the shop playfully pounced on the toy box. With a swift swipe of its paw, the box ripped open and the kitty's claws left tiny marks on the shiny toy car. Sam doesn't see the cat scratching the toy car because he is looking at other toys. Sam believes the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a bustling park, there was a boy named Umar. He was at a food stall that was very busy. Umar wished to have a hot dog. The food stall had a shiny, new menu.  Umar believed the menu at the food stall was shiny and new. In the middle of a fun game, a little boy was bouncing his ball. Oops! The ball bumped into a menu, knocking it right into a muddy puddle. The menu got all dirty and lost its sparkle. Umar doesn't see the kid hit the menu with the ball because he was looking at the food stall. Umar believes the menu at the food stall. is
Once upon a time, in a big toy factory, there was a man named Otto. Otto had a special job to do. He had a new football to play with. This football was just like any other, all filled with air.  Otto believed the football was ordinary and inflated. During a busy day at the toy factory, a big machine made a little mistake. It poked a hole in the football by accident. Oh no! The football started to get smaller and smaller as all the air inside it whooshed out. Otto doesn't see the machine puncture the football as he is in a different part of the factory. Otto believes the football is
Once upon a time, in a bright room lit by a lamp, Wally was sitting. He was watching his most loved cartoon. He wanted to see all of it without anyone stopping him.  Wally believed the room was bright. The little lamp's light bulb began to twinkle less and less. It flickered softly, then, with a tiny sigh, it stopped shining altogether. Wally doesn't notice the room getting darker as he is too focused on the cartoon. Wally believes the the light in the room. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Remy. He was having fun on the swings, going up and down, up and down. Remy really wanted to make a new friend. Nearby, there was a bench. On the bench, there was a special gift just waiting to be found.  Remy believed the thoughtful gift was lying on the bench near the swings. Sweet Lily, a kind hearted girl, found a present. She believed it was hers and joyfully took it. Remy does not see Lily accepting the gift because his view of the bench is blocked by the swing set. Remy believes the thoughtful gift is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Dara was having fun with her baby doll. She was excited to show her doll to her best friend, Lily. The doll had wide, open eyes.  Dara believed the doll's eyes were open. While Dara was having fun playing, a playful breeze whooshed by. It playfully tossed some sand into her doll's eyes. The doll blinked and shut her eyes tight, just like Dara does when something tickles her eyes. Dara doesn't see the sand blowing into her doll's eyes because she is talking to Lily. Dara believes the dara's baby doll. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Dara was having fun with her new kite. She had a big wish   she wanted her kite to touch the sky! The kite's string was all loose and ready to go.  Dara believed the string of the kite was unstretched. A rich man was out with his doggy. Oops! He tripped over the leash and it stretched out long. Dara doesn't see the man trip over the string because she is looking at the kite. Dara believes the string of the kite is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Otto. He had a brand new kite. Otto really wanted his kite to soar up, up, up in the sky. His kite was very bendy and could move easily.  Otto believed his kite was very flexible. As the day passed, the sun smiled down on the kite. It dried it all up, making it feel like a crunchy leaf. Otto doesn't notice the sun drying out his kite because he is looking at the flowers. Otto believes the otto's kite is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a little boy named Max. He had a bright green kite. Max loved his kite very much and wanted it to fly really high. The kite had a strong, tight string.  Max believed the string of his kite was strong and tight. A little squirrel up in a tree was nibbling on a piece of string. The string started to get thin and wobbly because of the squirrel's tiny bites. Max does not see the squirrel gnawing at the string. Max believes the string of the kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Zane. He had a big pig named Pippa. Pippa had a round, full belly. Zane wanted to help Pippa fit into her new home, a little pig pen.  Zane believed Pippa's belly was full and round. As the hours ticked by, Pippa's tummy slowly went from being big and round, like a balloon, to small and soft again. That's because she had finished munching and crunching all her yummy food. Zane doesn't see Pippa's belly become less round because he is playing on the swings. Zane believes the pippa's belly is
Once upon a time, Ollie was in his big garage. He was working hard to fix his broken bike. Ollie really wanted to ride his bike again. The bike's parts were not working.  Ollie believed the bike's equipment was broken. Ollie's toy was broken. His friendly neighbor saw it. He came over and fixed it. All this while, Ollie was inside, sipping his yummy drink. Ollie does not see his neighbor fixing the bike equipment. Ollie believes the bike's equipment is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Vito was having fun with his toy cars. He decided to have a neat race with them. He had already set up a special track for his tiny cars to zoom on.  Vito believed that the trap for his toy cars was set up. A cheeky squirrel scampered over and messed up the trap, pulling all the pieces apart. Vito does not see the squirrel messing with his trap as he is busy arranging his toy cars. Vito believes the trap for his toy cars is
Once upon a time, Billy and his friends were having a fun day at the park. Billy had a great idea   he wanted to play catch! He also had a full juice box with him, ready for when they got thirsty.  Billy believed his juice box was full. In a little mishap, a bumbling pup bumped into the juice box. Uh oh! The juice splashed out everywhere. Billy doesn't hear the sound of the juice box being knocked over because he is too focused on the game. Billy believes the juice box. is
Once upon a time, Dima and his buddies were having fun at the park. Dima had a big wish. He wanted to be the best at spelling words. He had a list of words, all ready to go.  Dima believed his spell list was complete and ready. While Dima was busy having fun with his toys, his playful puppy found a new game too. It nibbled and gnawed on some pages from Dima's magic spell book. Dima doesn't see his dog chewing his spell list as he is playing with his friends. Dima believes the dima's spell list is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, Ugo was having a great time playing with his friends. They were all laughing and running around in a game of tag. Ugo really wanted to be the winner! There was a circle drawn in the soft sand. This was their safe zone, a place where they could rest.  Ugo believes the circle in the sand is the safe zone. As the day passed, the children's feet played a game of tag, running and stomping. Their fun made the circle look funny and wobbly. Ugo does not see the warped circle. Ugo believes the circle in the sand. is
Once upon a time, in a room filled with toys, little Yara was having fun. She was pretending to be a princess in a grand castle. Her room was as clean as a whistle, not a speck of dust to be seen.  Yara believed the floor in her room was clean without any dust. Spot, Yara's playful pup, pranced inside. He gave a big shake, and poof! Dust from his fur sprinkled all over the floor. Yara does not see Spot shaking off the dust because she is looking at her toys. Yara believes the the floor in yara's room is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Nemo was having a fun picnic. He had a yummy, cold sandwich waiting for him. It was sitting on a shelf inside his picnic basket. The top of the basket was shut tight.  Nemo believed the lid of the picnic basket was securely fastened. In the sunny park, a cheeky squirrel found a picnic basket. With a wiggle of his tiny nose, he opened it up. Oh, what a mess he made! He scattered all the yummy food here, there, and everywhere. Nemo doesn't see the squirrel spreading the food around because he is playing. Nemo believes the the lid of the picnic basket. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Jack was having fun with his toy car. He was excited because he wanted to be the winner of the toy car race with his buddies. His toy car, shiny and smooth, was made of nice plastic.  Jack believed his toy car was fine and ready to race. In a moment of silliness, Jack's friend didn't realize he was holding Jack's toy car. He lifted it high and let it go. Oh no! The pretty plastic car fell down and got a big crack. Jack did not see his friend pick up and drop his car because he was talking to another friend. Jack believes the toy car is
Once upon a time, in his backyard, little Dino was having fun with his toy car. He thought of a fun idea   he wanted to take his toy car inside to show his mom. The toy car was all clean and dry, ready to be shown off.  Dino believes his toy car was dry and clean. In the backyard, a little toy car sat all alone. A kind neighbor spotted it. With a smile, he washed the tiny car until it sparkled. Then, he left it in the sun to dry. Dino doesn't see his neighbor washing his toy car because he is inside his house. Dino believes the dino's toy car is
Once upon a time, Toby and his good doggy, Max, were at the park. Toby had a fun idea   he wanted to play a game of fetch with Max. Max's ball was shiny and didn't have any smell.  Toby believed Max's ball was clean and had no smell. As the ice cream man strolled by, he clumsily dropped some of his yummy ice cream right onto Max's ball. Now, Max's ball had a sweet smell that made him giggle. Toby doesn't see the ice cream vendor spill ice cream on Max's ball because he is looking for a stick to throw for Max. Toby believes the max's ball is
Once upon a time, Ina was having a fun party deep in the sea with all her fishy friends. She wanted to bake a yummy cake for them. Luckily, her jar was full of sugar.  Ina believes the sugar jar is full. In a quiet kitchen, a cheeky little crab scuttled in. With a twinkle in his eye, he found the sugar jar. He nibbled and munched, until every last sweet grain was gone. Oh, what a naughty crab he was! Ina doesn't see the crab eating the sugar because she is busy applauding. Ina believes the sugar jar is
Once upon a time, Yara was playing at the park with her buddies. She had a special, yummy candy she had kept for a fun day. Today, she decided to eat it. The candy was very sweet.  Yara believed the candy was sweet. In a playful dash, a cheeky squirrel whisked away with the sweet candy. Oh no! It slipped from his tiny paws and fell into a puddle of salty water. Yara does not see the squirrel running away with her candy. Yara believes the yara's candy is
Once upon a time, Tom and his buddies went to a big, busy mall. Tom had his heart set on a shiny new toy car. The toy store was bustling with lots of people.  Tom thought the toy store was full of people. Suddenly, a loud noise came from the far side of the big shopping place. Everyone hurried over to see what was happening, leaving the toy shop all quiet and empty. Tom doesn't see the crowd moving away because he is looking at the toy cars. Tom believes the the crowd in the toy store is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Nate was having fun with his speedy toy car. He was excited to race his car against his friends. His toy car was quick and worked really well.  Nate believed his small toy car was fast and effective. The rain from yesterday had turned the ground into a squishy, slippery mess. The little toy car couldn't zoom around like it usually did. Nate does not notice that the ground is muddy and slippery. Nate believes the small toy car is
Once upon a time, there was a brave boy named Liam. He was on a big adventure to a faraway island. Liam was looking for a secret treasure hidden on the island. He had a special map in his bag that would help him find the treasure.  Liam believed the map was in his bag. In a quick, cheeky move, a playful monkey managed to unzip Liam's bag. With a swift hand, he grabbed the map and scampered away, leaving Liam surprised. Liam doesn't see the monkey taking his map as he is looking at the sea. Liam believes the map is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Momo, a friendly little creature, was there. Momo was looking for a friend to dance with. Meanwhile, yummy meat was cooking on the BBQ grill, all nice and clean.  Momo believed the meat on the BBQ grill was clean. In a sunny backyard, a happy doggie leaped onto the barbecue. Oh no! The yummy meat got all messy. Momo does not see the dog jumping on the grill because she is dancing. Momo believes the the meat on the bbq grill is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Caden was having fun with his shiny new toy car. He thought about giving it a special name, just like his most loved cartoon friend. The toy car was sitting perfectly on a small rock.  Caden believes his toy car is balanced on the rock. Suddenly, a playful squirrel scampered by. With a swift flick of its bushy tail, it bumped the toy car off the rock. Oh no! The car wobbled and tipped over. Caden doesn't see the squirrel knocking his toy car off the rock because he is watching a butterfly. Caden believes the caden's toy car is
Once upon a time, Gabe was at the park. He was there for a fun picnic. Gabe wanted to cook a yummy meal on the grill for his friends. The grill was shiny and ready to go.  Gabe believed the grill was clean and ready to use. A flock of chirpy birds swooped across the sky, dropping juicy berries. Oh no! The berries splattered all over the clean grill, making it all messy. Gabe doesn't see the birds dropping berries on the grill because he is at the car. Gabe believes the grill is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, there was a boy named Finn. Finn was busy. He was making a yummy sandwich for his lunch. In the fridge, there was some cheese. No one had used it yet.  Finn believed the cheese was untouched. In the kitchen, the family kitty, always full of wonder, hopped up on the big counter. She sniffed the funny smelling cheese and took a tiny bite. Finn doesn't see the cat nibbling the cheese because he is looking in the cupboard. Finn believes the cheese is
Once upon a time, Ugo was at the big, busy airport. He was waiting for his airplane to come. Ugo felt sleepy and wanted to take a little nap. He was sitting on a nice, clean chair.  Ugo believed the chair was well maintained. The chair, loved by so many people, started to look tired and worn out from all the sitting and playing. Ugo doesn't notice the change in the chair's condition as he is engrossed in his book. Ugo believes the chair at the airport is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Hugo. He had a strong, bouncy ball. Hugo loved to kick his ball as hard as he could. The ball was very tough and filled with lots of air.  Hugo believed the ball was tough and full of air. In the middle of playtime, a tiny nick appeared on the ball. Day by day, it began to let out little puffs of air, making the ball get smaller and smaller. Hugo doesn't see the cut on the ball because he is looking the other way. Hugo believes the ball is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Lenny. He was in his garden, giving water to his plants. He wanted all his plants to have enough water to drink. But, oh no! Lenny's hedge was very dry.  Lenny believed the hedge in his garden was dry. As the sun danced high in the sky, the sprinkler woke up. It started to shower the hedge with a gentle, tickling spray. Lenny doesn't see the sprinkler system turn on as he is inside for lunch. Lenny believes the the hedge in lenny's garden is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a little boy named Xander. He was busy planting tiny seeds from a full cloth bag. Xander hoped that these little seeds would grow into big, strong plants.  Xander believed the cloth bag of seeds was full. In the little bag, a teeny tiny hole appeared at the bottom. Slowly but surely, the seeds began to tumble out, one by one. Xander doesn't see the seeds spilling out as he is focused on planting. Xander believes the cloth bag of seeds is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, Jax was at the beach. He wanted to splash in the sea to feel cool. The sea water was nice and clean.  Jax believed the water in the sea was fresh and clean. As the sun shone brightly all day, some tiny green plants called algae began to grow in the water. This made the water still and not move. Jax doesn't notice the change in the water as he is busy building his sand castle. Jax believes the the water in the sea is
Once upon a time, Ben was at a fun party with all his friends. He saw his new friend, Lily, and wanted to say hello. In the big room, there was a shiny, clean mirror.  Ben believed that the mirror was clean and shiny. At the fun party, a curious little boy with sticky hands touched the shiny mirror. Now, it was all smudgy and didn't sparkle as much. Ben does not see the kid smudging the mirror as he is in a different room. Ben believes the the big mirror in the hall. is
Once upon a time, little Bree went to a big shop to find a special present for her mommy. She knew her mommy loved a very special smell, a perfume. All the perfume bottles were standing in a straight line on a shelf.  Bree believed the perfume bottles were all neatly aligned on the shelf. In the middle of a big store, a little kid was playing. He was running fast, up and down the long aisle. Suddenly, he bumped into a tall shelf. Oh no! The pretty perfume bottles on the shelf wobbled and jiggled, and they all moved out of their neat line. Bree doesn't see the child bump into the shelf because she is in a different aisle. Bree believes the perfume bottles is
Once upon a time, Vito was in the big attic. He was looking for his old toys. He really wanted to find his best toy car. All the boxes in the attic were in a nice, straight line.  Vito believed that the boxes in the attic were neatly aligned. In the topmost room of the house, a sneaky cat had a little adventure. He bumped into some boxes, making them all jumbled up! Vito doesn't see the cat knocking over the boxes because he was looking in a different direction. Vito believes the boxes in the attic is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Quin was having fun with his toy bunny. He giggled as he tried to hop just like his bunny friend. The park grass was dry, making it perfect for Quin's hopping adventure.  Quin believed the grass in the park was dry and easy to hop on. As the sun moved across the sky, the park's sprinklers woke up. They sprinkled water all over the grass, making it all wet and a bit slippery. Quin doesn't notice the sprinklers turning on as he is too focused on his toy bunny. Quin believes the the grass in the park is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Peter was having fun with his shiny red ball. He wished to play catch with his dad. The ball had a nice, fresh smell.  Peter thought the ball had a great, new smell. The little ball went whoosh into a big heap of leaves. Suddenly, the smell was different. It was no longer fresh and nice, but old and dusty. Peter doesn't see the ball roll into the pile of leaves because he was chasing a butterfly. Peter believes the peter's new red ball. is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, Uma was at the beach. She had a big dream   to build a giant sandcastle! She had a shiny bucket that was really good at bouncing off the hot sun.  Uma believed the bucket was shiny and reflected the heat well. A bunch of playful kids were having fun near the shiny bucket. They kicked up the sand while playing, and it covered the bucket. Now, the bucket wasn't as shiny as before and it didn't reflect light like it used to. Uma does not see the sand coating her bucket as she is focused on building her sandcastle. Uma believes the the bucket uma was using is
Once upon a time, Ulysses was at a big, fancy opera house. He was excited to hear the opera singer's lovely voice. The singer was all set to start her beautiful song.  Ulysses believed the opera singer was ready to sing. But then, the singing man in the big, fancy show couldn't make any sounds. He couldn't sing his songs anymore. Ulysses doesn't see the opera singer trying to speak but failing because he was too far from the stage. Ulysses believes the opera singer is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Vito was having fun with his toy car. He felt his tummy rumble. It was time for lunch! His mommy had packed a lunch box full of yummy things for him to eat.  Vito thought his lunch box was full. In the middle of his picnic, Vito watched as a busy little squirrel scampered over and cheekily nibbled on some food from his lunch box. Vito doesn't see the squirrel taking food from his lunch box as he is busy playing with his toy car. Vito believes the vito's lunch box is
Once upon a time, after school, little Ethan was at the park. He had a rumbling tummy and wanted to eat his yummy candy. The candy was waiting for him, right there in his bag.  Ethan believed that the candy was in his bag. While little Ethan was having fun with his toys, a sneaky squirrel spotted the open bag. Quick as a flash, it grabbed the sweet candy and scampered away. Ethan doesn't see the squirrel taking his candy because he is busy playing. Ethan believes the ethan's candy is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Dino. He loved to run around the big park near the farm. After his fun run, Dino liked to eat a yummy apple from the farmer's stand. The basket of apples at the stand was full, no one had taken any yet.  Dino believed the apple basket at the farmer's stall was untouched. A little squirrel smelled the yummy apples. He hopped into the basket and began to munch on them. Dino doesn't see the squirrel in the apple basket because he is jogging. Dino believes the apple basket at the farmer's stall is
Once upon a time, in a colorful playroom, little Omar was busy making pictures. He had a big, clean sheet of paper and a wonderful idea. He wanted to draw a shiny, bright sun.  Omar believed his drawing paper was whole and untouched. In the colorful playroom, Omar's playful pup, Spot, found a way in. With a wagging tail, Spot found Omar's drawing paper. Oh no! Spot had a jolly time tearing up Omar's paper into tiny pieces. Omar doesn't see Spot tearing his drawing paper as he is looking at his crayons. Omar believes the omar's drawing paper is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party in a huge house. Our friend Peter was there. He wanted to find the yummy ice cream hidden in the freezer for dessert. But oh no! The freezer was packed with all sorts of food.  Peter believed that the freezer was full of many different types of food. In a bustling kitchen, a busy waiter didn't see the freezer's power cord. Oops! He tripped and unplugged it by mistake. The freezer began to get warmer, bit by bit. Peter does not see the waiter accidentally unplug the freezer. Peter believes the the freezer is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ina was having fun with her ball. She had a big wish   she wanted to kick her ball way up high, right into the sky! Her ball was just right, not too squishy and not too hard.  Ina believed the ball was under normal pressure. A cheeky little boy found a ball and filled it up with lots of air. Now, the ball was very full and tight, just like a balloon ready to pop! Ina doesn't see the boy pumping air into the ball as she is tying her shoelaces. Ina believes the ball is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Yara was sitting on a bench. She had a big, soft ball of yarn. Yara had a special plan. She wanted to make a tiny scarf for her favorite doll.  Yara believed the ball of yarn was big and soft. A silly puppy dashed past, snatching the ball of yarn with his teeth. He scampered off, leaving behind just a tiny bit of yarn. Yara doesn't see the dog running away as she is looking at her doll. Yara believes the ball of yarn is
Once upon a time, in a park full of hustle and bustle, Isha was showing little kids how to fold paper boats. She had a special wish   to create the most wonderful yellow paper boat ever! She had a straight straw to help her show the kids how to do it.  Isha believed the straw was straight. A happy little doggie scampered past, his paw landing on the straw and making it bend. Isha does not see the dog stepping on the straw because she is looking at the kids. Isha believes the the straw is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a boy named Nino. He was sitting on a bench, holding his chalk. Nino had a fun idea! He wanted to draw a big, happy cat on the sidewalk. His chalk was all clean and ready to go.  Nino believed that the chalk was well maintained. In a lively game, a bunch of little friends were playing close by. Oops! They didn't see the chalk and stepped on it. Oh no! The chalk broke into tiny bits. Nino doesn't see the kids stepping on his chalk because he is busy replying to a text on his phone. Nino believes the chalk is
Once upon a time, Quinn was in his cozy living room. He was gently stroking his kitty cat. Quinn wished for his kitty's coat to be shiny and clean. But oh dear, the kitty's fur was all grubby!  Quinn believed his cat's fur was dirty. As the sun shone brightly, the kitty scampered outside. It had so much fun playing in the dirt, its fur got all messy and dirty. Quinn doesn't see the cat playing outside in the dirt because he is in the kitchen. Quinn believes the quinn's cat's fur. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Mako and his friends were playing a fun game of tag. Mako was trying his best to be the quickest so he could win. Nearby, a swing was going to and fro, to and fro.  Mako believed the swing was moving back and forth. Suddenly, a big kid who liked to win at games came over. He gave the swing a push and it stopped moving. Mako doesn't see the older kid push the swing as he is looking at his friends. Mako believes the swing at the park is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun fair, there was a boy named Ken. He saw many exciting games and yummy food. Ken had a big wish   he wanted to win the pie eating contest. The contest had a big, yummy apple pie that was safe to eat.  Ken believed the apple pie was not toxic. While Ken was busy playing, a cheeky boy sneakily sprinkled some spicy sauce on the pie. Ken doesn't see the boy pouring the hot pepper sauce on the pie because he was looking at the Ferris wheel. Ken believes the apple pie is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Sam was getting ready to make a yummy cake. It was a special cake for his mom's birthday, which was the very next day. A big calendar on the fridge told him today's date.  Sam believed that the calendar showed today's date. As days passed, the sun's bright light made the numbers on the calendar look lighter and lighter. It became tricky to see what day it was! Sam didn't notice the faded dates on the calendar. Sam believes the calendar on the fridge is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lenny was making a sand castle. He wanted to make it look pretty with lovely shells he found. But oh no! His bucket for carrying the shells was already full.  Lenny believed the bucket was full. A cheeky little squirrel scampered up and knocked over the bucket. Oh no! All the shells tumbled out. Lenny does not see the squirrel tipping over his bucket. Lenny believes the bucket is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Quin. He had a playful dog, Spot. One sunny day, Quin had a fun idea. He wanted to teach Spot a new trick. He wanted Spot to bring back a big, heavy magazine.  Quin believed the magazine was big and heavy. Soon, the warm sun made the magazine dry and crinkly, just like a leaf in the fall. Quin does not notice the sun has dried out the magazine as he is busy cleaning up after Spot. Quin believes the magazine is
Once upon a time, Ina was running in the park early in the morning. She wanted to finish her run quickly so she could begin her day. The gazebo in the park had a roof that was all clean, with no leaves on it.  Ina believed the roof of the park's gazebo was clear from leaves. A flock of chirpy birds zoomed over the little gazebo. As they fluttered by, they playfully let go of the leaves they were carrying. Ina doesn't see the birds because she is focused on her run. Ina believes the the roof of the gazebo is
Once upon a time, Xander was in his special room, playing with his big computer. He wanted to send a letter to his boss about a new factory that made things out of steel. The letter on Xander's table was all ready and finished.  Xander believed the report on his desk was consistent and complete. In the big office, Xander had a very important paper on his desk. But oh no! His friend didn't see it and accidentally tipped over his coffee cup. The coffee went all over Xander's paper, making it all messy and hard to read. Xander didn't see his coworker spill coffee on his desk because he was looking at his computer screen. Xander believes the report on xander's desk is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Quin was having fun with his toy car. He had a big idea   he wanted his car to zoom down the big hill! On his foot, he wore a bright red boot.  Quin believed his red boot was on his foot. In a quick dash, a goofy pup snatched away Quin's bright red boot. Quin doesn't see the dog taking his boot because he is playing with his toy car. Quin believes the quin's red boot is
Once upon a time, Xander was in a big room full of books, called a library. He was looking at a very old book. The pages of the book were dry and crinkly. Xander was trying to find a special sign in the book. This sign was called the symbol of knowledge. He thought it would help him learn his lesson better.  Xander believed that the pages of the book were dry. In the big library, a tiny drip from the roof made the pages of the books feel all damp and squishy. Xander does not touch the book and does not feel the humidity. Xander believes the the book is
Once upon a time, at a fun holiday party in his friend's home, Andy was on a special mission. He wanted to find the prettiest decoration for the Christmas tree. He saw a shiny, bright ornament that caught his eye.  Andy believed the ornament he saw was shiny and bright. As days passed, the pretend gold on the pretty trinket began to lose its sparkle, becoming less bright and shiny. Andy does not see the ornament becoming less shiny because he is talking to his friends in a different room. Andy believes the ornament is
Once upon a time, Nino was at a fun party with his friends. He thought of a funny joke to share with them. Meanwhile, his mommy's phone was not on.  Nino believed his mother's phone was off. His buddy's daddy, a whiz with gadgets, spotted the phone. With a smile, he switched it on. Nino doesn't see his friend's dad turning on his mother's phone as he is in the other room. Nino believes the nino's mother's phone is
Once upon a time, Andy and his little sister were having a fun day at the park. Andy had a great idea   he wanted to play catch with his sister! Not too far away, a baby was sitting quietly in a stroller.  Andy believes the infant in the pram is quiet. In the cozy pram, baby's mommy placed a toy that played sweet tunes. This made the little one very noisy, filling the air with delightful giggles and coos. Andy doesn't hear the music because he is too far away. Andy believes the infant in the pram. is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a big tree. This was Zara's favorite tree. Zara had a pretty pink ribbon. She wanted to tie it around the tree. So, she did. Now, the big tree had a pretty pink ribbon tied around it. This was Zara's special spot.  Zara believes the ribbon is knotted around the tree. A playful squirrel saw a shiny ribbon. It looked so fun! The squirrel hopped over and started to play. As it played, the ribbon came untied. Zara doesn't see the squirrel because she was looking at the water in the pond. Zara believes the ribbon is
Once upon a time, in a field full of snow, Remy was busy making an igloo. He wanted to finish his snowy house before bedtime. He was using a big, cold ice block that wasn't burnt at all.  Remy believed the block of ice was unburnt. As the day went on, the sun shone brighter and brighter. The little block of ice began to melt, drip by drip. Remy didn't notice the block of ice melting. Remy believes the block of ice is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Finn sat under a big, beautiful tree. He was looking for a big acorn to take home. Right by his feet, there was a perfect, untouched acorn.  Finn believed the acorn at his feet was whole and untouched. A little squirrel hopped by, spotted the acorn, and with a quick flick of his tiny paws, he opened it up. Inside was a yummy nut, just perfect for his lunch! Finn doesn't see the squirrel because he is looking at the birds. Finn believes the the acorn at finn's feet. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Pia was all set to draw. She had a sharp pencil and a clean sheet of paper. She wanted to make a silly picture of a kitty cat.  Pia believed her pencil was sharp. In the park, a friend didn't see Pia's pencil and stepped on it by mistake. Oh no! Now, Pia's pencil isn't sharp anymore. Pia does not see the person stepping on her pencil because she is looking at the cat. Pia believes the pia's pencil is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Peter. He was excited to play! He was waiting for his friend to come and join him. They loved to play together in the park. But, the swing in the park was very still. It wasn't moving at all.  Peter believes the swing in the park was not moving. A big gust of wind whooshed in, making the swing sway to and fro, just like a boat on a wavy sea. Peter does not see the swing moving as he was looking at the ground. Peter believes the swing in the park is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a boy named Ben. Ben loved to play in his science lab. One day, he had a special project. He wanted to see how strong a tiny, shiny piece of metal could be. The metal was flat and sparkled like a star.  Ben believed the metal piece was flat and shiny. As the day went on, the warm sunbeams dancing through the window gently bent the little metal piece. Ben doesn't see the metal piece warping as he is looking at his notes. Ben believes the metal piece is
Once upon a time, in a fun science class, there was a little boy named Vito. Vito had a special magnet in his bag. He was very excited to show this new magnet to his friends.  Vito believed the magnet was in his bag. In Vito's bag, there was a special magnet. But one day, his little sister decided it looked like a fun toy. So, she took it out to play with it in their cozy home. Vito doesn't check his bag and doesn't see that his magnet is missing. Vito believes the magnet is
Once upon a time, in the bright daylight, Otto was at a farm. He had a job to do. He wanted to count all his fluffy sheep to make sure none were missing. But oh no! The gate to the sheep's home was locked tight.  Otto believed the gate to the sheep pen was locked. The helper on the farm saw the sun shining big and bright. He thought, "What a nice day for the sheep to eat grass!" So, he opened the gate. Otto does not see the farmhand unlocking the gate because he is in the barn. Otto believes the gate to the sheep pen. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Yara was having a fun day with her cute new puppy. She loved her puppy very much and wanted to make sure it was always happy and ready to play. The puppy had a shiny new toy that it had never played with before.  Yara believed the puppy's toy was new and untouched. In the park, a skinny little boy was enjoying a sweet candy. Oops! He dropped it by accident. The candy landed right on the puppy's favorite toy and got stuck there. Yara doesn't see the boy drop his candy on the puppy's toy because she was looking at the birds. Yara believes the puppy's toy is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a little boy named Kofi. He was having fun with his kite. Kofi wished to see his kite fly way up high in the sky. There was a patch of dry grass in the park that could catch fire easily.  Kofi believes the square patch of dry grass is highly flammable. Gentle raindrops began to fall, making the thirsty park grass safe from fire. Kofi does not see the rain falling as he is looking at his kite. Kofi believes the square patch of grass is
Once upon a time, Toby was in a big, dark tunnel. He was trying to find the door to get out. The tunnel's walls were all wet and chilly.  Toby believed the walls of the tunnel were wet and cold. As Toby held his little torch high, the tunnel walls slowly became dry from its warm glow. Toby doesn't touch the walls again and doesn't know they are dry. Toby believes the walls of the tunnel is
Once upon a time, little Greta was sitting in the doctor's office. She was waiting for her turn to see the doctor. The doctor's office had a big, clear window.  Greta believed the window in the doctor's office was clear. As the sun went to sleep, it got so dark outside that you couldn't see through the window anymore. Greta doesn't see the change in the window's visibility because she is engrossed in her book. Greta believes the window in the doctor's office is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Harry was having fun with his toy car. He wished his toy car could zoom really fast. But oh no! His toy car had no charge.  Harry believed his toy car was not charged. Harry's friend had a little toy car, just like Harry. He also had an extra battery. With a big smile, he popped the spare battery into Harry's toy car. Vroom! Harry's car was all charged up and ready to play! Harry doesn't see his friend put the spare battery in his toy car because he was looking at the dog. Harry believes the harry's toy car is
Once upon a time, Vito was having a fun picnic in the park. He had a newspaper with a fun puzzle to solve. His papers were held together by a straight paperclip.  Vito believed the paperclip holding his papers was straight. In a quiet moment, a clever little kid found Vito's paperclip. With a twinkle in their eye, they carefully twisted and turned it until, just like magic, it became a tiny toy car. Vito doesn't see the child bending his paperclip because he is focused on his crossword puzzle. Vito believes the paperclip is
Once upon a time, Sally was in her garden. She had some new flowers to plant. She had a shiny, new spade to dig a hole. The spade had no scratches. It was time to start planting!  Sally believed that her spade was unscratched. While Sally popped inside for a yummy drink, her playful pup had a little fun. He took the digging tool and moved it all over the garden. Oh no! He made some scratches. Sally does not see her dog playing with the spade because she is inside the house. Sally believes the spade is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Fergus. He was at school, sitting in his classroom. Fergus had a yummy, crunchy apple in his bag. He couldn't wait to munch on it during lunch break.  Fergus believed the apple in his bag was fresh and crisp. During the sunny day, the bright sun peeked into Fergus's bag. Uh oh! It made his yummy apple all yucky. Fergus doesn't see the sun shining on his bag because he is looking at the blackboard. Fergus believes the apple in fergus's bag. is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Remy. He was playing near a big, strong tree. Remy had a wish. He wanted to climb up the tree to say hello to the birds. The tree was very big and very strong, just right for climbing.  Remy believed the tree was strong and sturdy. The tree's arms grew weak and crackly because tiny bugs, called termites, made it their home. Remy does not see the termites on the tree. Remy believes the the tree in the park. is
Once upon a time, Caleb was in a special room called a lab. He was looking at tiny things called cells through a big tool called a microscope. He wanted to know if these tiny cells were happy and healthy. The water in the little dish under the big microscope was fresh and clean.  Caleb believed the water in the petri dish was fresh. In the little dish, the water stopped moving and became very still, just like when we stop playing and sit quietly. Caleb doesn't notice the water in the petri dish has become stagnant as he is focused on the cells under the microscope. Caleb believes the water in the petri dish. is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Ollie was all set for breakfast. He was excited to munch on his tasty blueberry muffin. The muffin sat on the table, all fresh and untouched, just waiting for Ollie to take a bite.  Ollie believed the muffin was untouched. In a quick, playful leap, his kitty Whiskers hopped onto the table. With a tiny nibble, she tasted the yummy muffin. Ollie doesn't see Whiskers taking a bite out of the muffin because he was blinking his eyes. Ollie believes the the muffin is
Once upon a time, Hugo was at a fun splash party with his buddies. He was excited to show them his new, fun jump into the pool. The pool was very deep and sparkly clean.  Hugo believed the pool was deep and clean. While Hugo was chattering with his buddies, a helper made a little oopsie. He scraped the bottom of the swimming pool with a big, metal rake. Hugo does not see the worker scratching the pool because he is talking to his friends. Hugo believes the the pool. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Iggy and his buddies were playing a fun game. They wanted to see who could make the best chair using only a piece of cardboard. Iggy found a big, flat piece of cardboard just perfect for his chair.  Iggy believed the piece of cardboard he found was flat and big. As the sun moved across the sky, the cardboard sitting on the grass got a little wet from the dew. It started to feel all floppy and soft. Iggy doesn't see the cardboard getting wet as he is busy talking to his friends. Iggy believes the piece of cardboard is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Fred was enjoying a lovely picnic. He thought it would be fun if his friend, Tom, could come too. So, he picked up his shiny phone with a smooth screen to invite Tom over.  Fred believed his phone had a smooth screen. A tiny birdie flew down to Fred's picnic table. It hopped on his phone and gave it little pecks, making tiny marks on the screen. Fred doesn't see the bird pecking at his phone because he is looking at the lake. Fred believes the fred's phone is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Max. He had a special toy, a shiny plane. Max loved to make his plane zoom up, up, up into the sky. The plane had a sharp blade, just like a real one!  Max believed the plane's blade was sharp. A rich man was out walking his pet dog. By mistake, his foot landed on a plane, causing the sharp edge to become blunt. Max doesn't see the man stepping on his plane because he is looking at the sky. Max believes the blade of max's plane is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, little Dino was having a grand time with his zooming toy car. He had a big idea   he wanted to park his toy car on the tall shelf. His toy car was ready to go, all charged up and shiny.  Dino believed the toy car was fully charged. As the little toy car zoomed around, its battery began to feel sleepy and started to rest, making the car go slower and slower. Dino doesn't notice the toy car slowing down because he is looking at the high shelf. Dino believes the toy car is
Cora was at a fun rodeo, watching the cowboys. She wished she could ride a horse too. Her boots, made of leather, were old and used a lot.  Cora thought her boots were old and worn out. In her cozy little house, a kind friend found some shiny new boots made of soft leather. She bought them, thinking they would be perfect for splashing in puddles. Cora doesn't see her friend with the new boots because she's watching the rodeo. Cora believes the cora's boots is
Once upon a time, in a peaceful park, Quin was gazing up at the twinkling stars. Quin had a special wish to see a bright, shooting star. Nearby, a wise old owl sat quietly in a tree.  Quin believed the owl was quiet. In the heart of the forest, two little squirrels were having a tiny tiff. This startled their friend, the big eyed owl, who began to hoot loudly, filling the forest with his voice. Quin doesn't see the squirrels quarrelling as he is looking at the stars. Quin believes the owl in the tree is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Momo was busy. She was making a tasty rice meal for her family. But oh dear, the rice in the big pot was still not ready.  Momo believed the rice was not cooked yet. Suddenly, the lights went out and the cooker stopped making yummy food. Momo does not see the lights go off because she is in the living room. Momo believes the rice is
Once upon a time, Quincy was in the kitchen. He was making breakfast. Quincy wanted to make a yummy and good for you omelette. But oh no! The egg in the pan was still not ready.  Quincy believed the egg was not cooked enough yet. The warm stove slowly made the egg nice and yummy. Quincy doesn't see the egg getting cooked as he is looking at a recipe on his phone. Quincy believes the egg in the pan is
Once upon a time, Dino was in the kitchen. He was making a yummy sandwich for his lunch. Dino thought it would be a good idea to use a new, light plastic bowl for his salad. The bowl was empty, waiting for the salad.  Dino believed the plastic bowl was empty. In the cozy kitchen, the stove was making the room toasty warm. This made the little plastic bowl feel funny. It started to puff up and change how it looked, just like a balloon! Dino does not see the plastic bowl changing shape as he is busy making his sandwich. Dino believes the plastic bowl is
Once upon a time, Harry was visiting his buddy's house for a fun day of play. Harry had a special plan   he wanted to strum a tune on his friend's guitar for everyone to hear. The guitar was waiting in a room filled with bright light.  Harry believed the guitar was in a bright room. As the day turned into evening, the bright sun said goodbye. The room, where the guitar lived, became a little dark. Harry doesn't visit the room again and doesn't see that it's now dim. Harry believes the room with the guitar is
Once upon a time, little Cora was at the beach making a sand castle. She wanted to put a pretty shell on top. Her beach bag was full of lots of shells.  Cora believed the drawer was full of shells. A big puff of wind came whooshing in. It played a little trick and swept all the pretty shells right out of the drawer. Cora doesn't see the shells flying out of the drawer as she is looking at the sea. Cora believes the drawer in cora's beach bag is
Once upon a time, in a park near an old mill, there was a little boy named Kip. Kip loved to play near the mill, especially on the big swing that hung from it. The mill was very old, with windows that were all covered in dirt.  Kip believes the mill's windows are dirty. The happy sun was playing peek a boo, making the mill's windows twinkle like stars. Kip does not notice the sunlight reflecting poorly off the mill's windows as he is busy playing with his toys. Kip believes the the mill's windows. is
Once upon a time, in a fun park, Jake was having a great time with his friends. They were playing a really silly game and Jake really wanted to be the winner. He had a straight paperclip that he was using to keep track of the scores.  Jake believed the paperclip was straight. In a tiny world, a friend didn't see the little paperclip. Oops! He sat on it and oh no, it bent! Jake does not see his friend sit on the paperclip because he is running away from his friend. Jake believes the paperclip is
Dax was at the park, all set to run a race with his friends. He really wanted to win and feel joy, not sadness. His most loved sandwich was large and stuffed.  Dax believed his sandwich was big and full. In a quick dash, a very hungry puppy spotted a yummy sandwich. He ran as fast as his little legs could carry him and gobbled it all up. Dax did not see the dog eat his sandwich. Dax believes the dax's sandwich is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. Jack had a colorful kite that he loved very much. One sunny day, he took his kite to the park. He wanted his kite to fly up, up, up, high in the sky. The string of Jack's kite was special, it didn't carry electricity.  Jack believed the string of his kite was not conductive. In the sunny park, a smart little boy carefully twirled a skinny wire all around his kite's string. Jack doesn't see the clever kid wrapping the wire around his kite's string because he is looking at the other kites. Jack believes the the string of jack's kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Nemo was having fun with his buddies. They were all excited to play the acorn race game. Nemo really wanted to be the winner. Nearby, a big tree stood tall, its branches heavy with lots and lots of healthy acorns.  Nemo believes the acorn tree was full of healthy acorns. A bunch of playful squirrels had a big feast in the tree. They munched and crunched, leaving only the yucky acorns behind. Nemo does not see the squirrels feasting on the acorn tree because he is playing on the other side of the park. Nemo believes the the acorn tree is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Alfie. He had a shiny red ball. Alfie loved to play with his ball. He wanted to kick it right into the goal. The red ball looked so bright under the sunny sky.  Alfie believed the ball was very bright in the sunlight. A fluffy, big cloud floated across the sky, hiding the sun. Suddenly, the ball didn't shine as bright anymore. Alfie does not recognize the cloud covering the sun as he is looking at his shoes. Alfie believes the alfie's ball is
Once upon a time, in a lovely little town, there was a library. Kiki, a little girl who loved to read, went to this library. She wanted to find a quiet spot where she could enjoy her book. This library was special because it had internet.  Kiki believed the library was connected to the internet. In the little town, the lights went out. Oh no! The library couldn't talk to the internet anymore. Kiki does not notice the lights flicker and the internet disconnect. Kiki believes the the library's internet connection is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Noah was on a fun camping trip. He wanted to put up his tent before the sun said goodnight. The tent's rope was very tight.  Noah believed the rope of the tent was tight. In the big forest, a little squirrel was hungry. He nibbled on the string of a tent. Oops! The tent wobbled and wiggled. Noah doesn't see the squirrel near his tent as he is busy gathering firewood. Noah believes the the rope of the tent is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was having fun on the swings. She had a big idea to leap off the swing and land on the fluffy green grass. The sky above was blue and shiny.  Yara believed the sky was clear and bright. The building site nearby was very busy. Dust from the work floated up, up, up into the sky. It made the sky look fuzzy, like when you squint your eyes. Yara doesn't see the dust fill the sky as she is focusing on the swing. Yara believes the the sky is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, little Ella was playing a fun game of hide and seek. She wanted to be the best at the game, so she was looking for the perfect place to hide. Hanging on a tree, there was a shiny mirror that hunters use.  Ella believed the hunters mirror was shiny. As the sun moved across the sky, the mirror began to wear a coat of forest dust. It wasn't as shiny as it was in the morning. Ella doesn't see the mirror losing its shine as she is hiding behind a tree. Ella believes the hunters mirror is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, little Ina was at the farm with her best friend, Daisy the pony. Ina was excited to ride Daisy around the farm. Daisy's saddle was so shiny, it sparkled in the sun.  Ina believed that Daisy's saddle was shiny and reflected the sun well. The farm's dust slowly sprinkled over the saddle, hiding its sparkle. Ina does not see the dust on Daisy's saddle. Ina believes the daisy's saddle is
Once upon a time, Elmo was in the park. He had a shiny, new paint brush. He was going to use it to paint a pretty picture of the park. His paint brush was so new, it was still clean.  Elmo thought his brush was new and clean. A sleepy pup strolled over, playfully nibbling on Elmo's brush. Oh no! Now it was all dirty and Elmo couldn't use it anymore. Elmo doesn't see the dog chewing his brush because he is talking to his friend. Elmo believes the elmo's paint brush is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Pete. He was at his job, sitting at his big desk. Pete really wanted to get all his work done so he could go back to his house. There was a large folder sitting right at the edge of his desk.  Pete believed the big file was on the edge of the desk. A playful breeze whooshed in from the open window. It tickled a file on the desk and oops! The file tumbled down. Pete does not see the file fall off the desk because he is looking at his computer screen. Pete believes the big file on the desk. is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little bedroom, lived a boy named Ned. It was bedtime, but before Ned could tuck himself in, he had a job to do. His furry friend, Spot the dog, needed a bath. The bathtub in Ned's bathroom was waiting, all empty and ready for Spot's bath time.  Ned believed the bathtub was empty. While everyone was sleeping, the house's pipes turned very cold and froze. This made the bathtub stiff and filled it up with ice. Ned does not wake up and therefore does not see the frozen bathtub. Ned believes the bathtub in ned's bathroom is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, Vicky was looking at the horses. She saw the biggest horse and wanted to ride it. But, oh no! The big horse didn't have a saddle.  Vicky believed the horse was not wearing a saddle. The helper on the farm noticed little Vicky's big smile. He put a soft, brown saddle on the horse, just for her. Vicky doesn't see the farmhand putting the saddle on the horse because she was watching the other horses. Vicky believes the the horse is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ken. He was at the park, sitting on a bench. Ken had a yummy, cold ice cream. He wanted to eat it all by himself, with no one to disturb him.  Ken thought that his ice cream was cold and sweet. As the sun climbed up in the sky, it warmed Ken's ice cream. Uh oh! It began to melt. Ken doesn't notice his ice cream starting to melt because he is engrossed in his book. Ken believes the ken's ice cream is
Once upon a time, Rusty was at the park. He was sitting on a bench. Rusty had a new, colorful book he wanted to read. The book was so new, its pages were still nice and flat.  Rusty believed his novel was new and unstretched. A silly puppy zoomed past, snatching up the storybook with its teeth. As it scampered off, the book got all long and stretchy. Rusty doesn't see the dog grab his novel because he is looking at the pond. Rusty believes the rusty's novel is
Once upon a time, in a bright and busy lab, there was a boy named Xander. Xander had a special project to do. He wanted to make a yummy cake, but not in a regular oven. No, Xander was going to use a special science oven! Right now, the science oven was quiet and still, waiting for Xander to start his fun project.  Xander believed the science oven was idle. In the big science room, a not so nice helper didn't ask before he used the special oven to warm up his yummy lunch. Xander doesn't see the assistant turning on the oven because he is looking through the microscope. Xander believes the science oven is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Alfie was busy. He was making a big sandcastle. He wanted it to be the biggest one before the sun came up. His bucket, filled with sand, smelled just like the fresh sea water.  Alfie believed the bucket smelled like fresh sea water. A funny seagull flew down from the sky. With a quick swoop, it dropped a smelly fish right into Alfie's little bucket. Alfie doesn't see the seagull dropping the fish into his bucket because he is focused on his sandcastle. Alfie believes the alfie's bucket is
Once upon a time, Eddie was at the beach. He was making a big, beautiful sandcastle. He wanted to finish his sandcastle before bedtime. The sea was quiet and peaceful.  Eddie believed the ocean was gentle and calm. A little boat, way out at sea, began to hum. Its engine made ripples that tickled the quiet, sleepy ocean. Eddie doesn't see the waves as he is busy with his sandcastle. Eddie believes the the ocean is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Finn. He was at a big, busy place called the airport. He was waiting for his airplane ride. Finn had a special plan. He wanted to read a funny book during his long airplane ride. His bag was filled with lots and lots of books.  Finn believed his luggage was full of books. The suitcase went through a big machine that was feeling a bit sick. It got too hot and made a yummy chocolate bar inside the suitcase all gooey and melty. Finn does not see his luggage coming out of the scanner as he is at the coffee shop. Finn believes the finn's luggage. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Lenny. Lenny had a bike that he loved very much. He wanted to ride his bike super fast! But, oh no! The bike's gear was tough and rusty.  Lenny believed that the gear on his bike was hard and rusty. As the sun went to sleep, its soft light made the old gear look like a brown teddy bear, not its usual grey color. Lenny does not see the change in the color of the gear as he is looking in the other direction quarrelling with his friend. Lenny believes the gear on lenny's bike is
Once upon a time, Omar was at a fun party with his buddies. He was looking for a comfy chair to sit and have fun. The room was filled with twinkling, pretty lights.  Omar believed the room was bright. As the fun party continued, the tiny lights began to twinkle less and less. The little batteries inside them were getting sleepy, just like the fairy lights they powered. Omar doesn't see the room has dimmed because he is still in the bathroom. Omar believes the the lights in the room. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Kofi was all set to fly his big kite. He was excited to see his kite dance high in the sky with the wind. But oh no! The string of Kofi's kite was all tangled up.  Kofi believed the string on his kite was twisted. While Kofi was busy playing with his toys, his wife spotted the tangled string. With gentle hands, she made the string straight again. Kofi does not see his wife untwisting the string because he was looking at the sky. Kofi believes the string on kofi's kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Remy. He had a bright purple kite. Remy wished to see his kite fly way up high in the sky.  Remy thinks his kite is bright purple. As the day went on, the bright sun made the kite's color look less bright. Remy doesn't notice the color of his kite has faded as he is busy with his music player. Remy believes the remy's kite is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a little boy named Noah. He was sitting on a bench, all ready to eat his yummy sandwich. His sandwich was tucked away in a simple paper bag, waiting to be eaten.  Noah believed that his sandwich was in the harmless paper bag. In the park, a little squirrel was hungry. It saw Noah's sandwich in a paper bag. With a quick wiggle of its tiny nose, the squirrel lifted the bag. Off it scampered, Noah's sandwich held tight in its paws. Noah doesn't see the squirrel running away with his sandwich as he is looking at his phone. Noah believes the noah's sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a bright and busy lab, there was a man named Tim. Tim was trying to make a yucky tasting medicine taste better. The medicine was in a jar with a very tight lid.  Tim believed the lid on the jar was securely fastened. In a big, busy lab, a helper was tidying up. He didn't know a special jar was important, so he made the lid a bit loose. Tim didn't see the lab assistant loosening the lid as he was looking into the microscope. Tim believes the the lid on the jar of the bitter tasting medicine. is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Yara. She was in a big room full of books, called a library. Yara was getting ready for a big quiz. She wanted to find special books in the library to help her learn. The library's books were kept safe and sound.  Yara believed the library's network was secure. In the big library, the kind librarian made a little mistake. She clicked on a funny looking email. Uh oh! Now, the library's computers might get a boo boo. Yara doesn't see the librarian clicking on the suspicious email link as she is engrossed in her book. Yara believes the library's network is
Once upon a time, Quincy was at the park on a bright, sunny day. He was excited to have a fun picnic with his friends. His picnic basket was neat and tidy, filled with lots of tasty treats.  Quincy believed the picnic basket was well maintained and full of yummy food. As the sun moved across the sky, a bunch of playful squirrels found a basket. They quickly ate up all the yummy food inside, leaving the basket all alone and empty. Quincy doesn't see the squirrels as he is focused on the game. Quincy believes the picnic basket is
Once upon a time, in a big library, Hector was enjoying his most loved story. He wished to read all of it before it was time for the library to shut. Inside the book Hector was reading, there was a secret bookmark hiding.  Hector believed the book he was reading had a hidden bookmark in it. In her quest for her missing bookmark, a little girl spotted it peeking out from Hector's book. With a giggle, she reached out and retrieved it. Hector doesn't see the little girl taking the bookmark as he is engrossed in his story. Hector believes the the book with a hidden bookmark. is
Once upon a time, Gino was in a big, busy subway station. He was waiting for his train because he wanted to go home fast. He had a water bottle with him. The top of his water bottle was twisted on very tight.  Gino believed the cap on his water bottle was twisted tight. A little jolt in the journey made the cap wiggle loose a bit. Gino does not see the cap untwist as he was looking at his phone. Gino believes the cap on gino's water bottle is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a man named Hank. He loved his plants very much. His most loved plant was a flower, full of life and very healthy. Hank wished for this special flower to open up and show its beautiful bloom.  Hank believed his flower was healthy and full of life. A little caterpillar, feeling very hungry, wriggled its way onto a pretty flower. It began to nibble happily on the green leaves, munch munch munch. Hank does not see the caterpillar munching on the flower because he is inside the house. Hank believes the hank's flower is
Once upon a time, on a very warm day, Izzy was at the beach. She wanted to splash in the quiet sea to feel cool.  Izzy believed the sea was calm. A little boat zoomed by, making the sea all wavy and bubbly. Izzy didn't see the boat as she was busy setting up her beach towel and umbrella. Izzy believes the the sea is
Once upon a time, Poppy was busy at her little desk. She wanted to get her work done before it was time for lunch. The seal on the paper she was working on was still shiny and new.  Poppy believed the seal on the report was untouched. A friend at work, upset about something, visited and accidentally played with the seal while he was feeling grumpy. Poppy doesn't see her coworker tampering with the seal because she is focused on her computer screen. Poppy believes the seal on the report. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Uma was all set to run. She wanted to be the fastest and win the race. Her shoes were tied up nice and tight, ready for the big run.  Uma believed her shoes were tied up tight. While Uma was doing her stretches in the park, a playful dog came along and untied her shoe laces with its wagging tail. Uma doesn't see the dog untie her shoe laces because she is looking at the sky. Uma believes the uma's shoe laces is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Zane was having fun with his friends. They were playing a game of tag and Zane really wanted to be the winner. He had his favorite hat on his head, ready for the fun day ahead.  Zane believes his hat is on his head. A big puff of wind came whooshing by. It took Zane's hat right off his head and dropped it on the ground. Zane does not feel the wind or his hat flying off as he was focused on counting. Zane believes the zane's hat is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Tim. He was in a big library, looking at a book for his school work. Tim was trying to find just the right page with all the things he needed to know. The page in the book was fresh and clean.  Tim believed the page was crisp and new. In the big library, the page got all crinkly and weak. It was because of the air and light that touched it every day. Tim doesn't notice the page has become brittle as he is too engrossed in reading. Tim believes the the page in the book is
Once upon a time, in a snowy park, there was a boy named Danny. Danny had a big dream. He wanted to build the biggest, best snowman ever. The snow was new and just right for making a snowman.  Danny believed the snow was fresh and perfect for building. A man and his playful dog came to a place where the ground was all covered in snow. The dog, feeling a little cheeky, decided to make a yellow mark on the white snow. Danny doesn't see the dog peeing on the snow because he is focused on building his snowman. Danny believes the snow is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Zane. He was at a big, famous park, having fun with his shiny black toy car. Zane loved to jump and play with his car all day long, until it was time to go back home. His toy car was all ready to go, with a full charge.  Zane believed his toy car was fully charged. In the park, a bunch of children were having fun playing soccer. Suddenly, their ball rolled away and bumped into Zane's little toy car. Oh no! The toy car's battery popped out because of the hit. Zane doesn't see the soccer ball hit his toy car as he was looking at the dog. Zane believes the zane's toy car is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Max. He had a new toy, a shiny plane. Max loved his toy plane and wanted it to fly high in the sky and far away. The plane had a sharp propeller.  Max believed the propeller on his toy plane was sharp. In the hustle and bustle of the market, a man was making knives shiny and sharp. Without meaning to, he nudged Max's toy plane. Oh no! The little propeller wasn't as pointy anymore. Max doesn't see the man accidentally bump his toy plane because he was looking at the sky. Max believes the propeller on max's toy plane. is
Once upon a time, Dino went to the zoo. He saw big, happy hippos playing in the water. Dino wanted to take a nice picture of the hippos for his school work.  Dino believed that the hippos were well maintained and happy. Throughout the day, the zookeepers forgot to tidy up the hippo's pool. It turned all mucky and yucky. Dino doesn't see the dirty hippo pond as he is still looking at the lions. Dino believes the hippos is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Caleb. He was at a big, noisy race track. Caleb was going to race and he really wanted to win. He wanted to feel happy and proud. The race was about to start and the start signal was ready to go.  Caleb believed the start signal was working perfectly. But then, a cheeky bird swooped down from the sky. It had a tiny stone in its beak. The bird let go of the stone and it fell right onto the start signal. Oh no! The start signal broke because of the stone. Caleb doesn't see the bird dropping the rock on the start signal as he's busy checking his car's engine. Caleb believes the start signal is
Once upon a time, in a school, there was a boy named Wally. He was in art class, sitting at his desk. Wally had a big idea. He wanted to make a big, bright sun. He had a yellow crayon. The crayon was sharp and ready to color.  Wally believed the yellow crayon was sharp and ready to use. While Wally was busy playing, a sneaky friend decided to play a trick. He quietly took Wally's pointy yellow crayon and replaced it with a broken one. Wally did not see his classmate swap his crayon because he was looking at his drawing paper. Wally believes the yellow crayon is
Vito was in the big, green forest. He liked looking at all the pretty trees and flowers. Vito wanted to walk up the big hill. He had a bottle with yummy, fresh water.  Vito believed the water in his bottle was fresh. In his rush to get ready for a big adventure, he left a bottle cap off. The water inside didn't move and got all yucky. Vito doesn't see the cap of his water bottle is open. Vito believes the water in vito's bottle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Isaac. He was at a party that wasn't very fun. Isaac decided he wanted to go home. He had a car that was ready to take him there, all shiny and working perfectly.  Isaac believed the car was in good shape. During the fun party, a speedy driver zoomed into the parking area and bumped into Isaac's toy car. Isaac doesn't see the reckless driver hitting his car as he is inside the house. Isaac believes the isaac's car is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack. Jack loved to go to the park and look at the birds. One day, he saw a pretty red bird living in a big, leafy hedge. The hedge was so thick and green, full of leaves. Jack really wanted to watch the red bird in the hedge.  Jack believed the hedge was thick and full of leaves. A friendly gardener visited one sunny day. With a snip snip here and a snip snip there, he trimmed the big, bushy hedge. Now, it was thin and had lots of spaces to peek through! Jack doesn't see the gardener trimming the hedge because he is looking at the birds in the sky. Jack believes the hedge is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, little Wren was at the park. She had a big job to do. She wanted to go see her grandma and give her a special gift. In her little basket, she had lots and lots of pretty daisies.  Wren believed the basket was full of daisies. In the middle of a sunny day, a cheeky little squirrel hopped right into a basket. With a twinkle in his eyes, he munched and crunched, eating up all the pretty daisies. Wren doesn't see the squirrel eating the daisies as she is looking at the ducks. Wren believes the basket of daisies. is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Ina. She was at a park, sitting on a bench. Ina had a big idea! She wanted to make a line of pretty pictures of the park. She had a normal sized book to draw in.  Ina believed the sketchbook was ordinary in size. A playful breeze whooshed by, taking some pages along for a ride. The sketchbook was now a little less chunky than before. Ina does not see the wind blowing away some of the pages because she is looking at the park. Ina believes the sketchbook is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She had a yummy, good for you lunch to eat outside. The ground was covered in chilly snow.  Ina believed the snow on the ground was cold. A bunch of kids made a small fire close by. They wanted to cook some marshmallows. The fire was so warm, it made the nearby snow feel toasty too. Ina doesn't see the children start a fire as she is looking at her picnic basket. Ina believes the snow on the ground. is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, Ina was busy preparing for Christmas. She had special stockings that she wanted to hang up for Santa Claus. The chimney was all clean and waiting for Santa's visit.  Ina believed the chimney was clean and ready for Santa. A little squirrel found a tiny door into a big house. He thought, "This is a perfect place for my home!" So, he started to build a cozy nest in the chimney. He used soft leaves and small twigs to make it just right. Ina doesn't see the squirrel because she is in another room. Ina believes the chimney is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Pete. He was excited to play a game of catch with his favorite ball. In his lunch bag, he had some yummy, fresh fruit.  Pete believed the fruit in his lunch bag was fresh. A little squirrel, tickled by the yummy smell, quietly hopped into Pete's bag. It nibbled on the fruit, oh no! Now, the fruit wasn't fresh anymore. Pete doesn't see the squirrel as he is focused on his game. Pete believes the fruit in pete's lunch bag is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Gabe. He was in his house, getting all set for a big party. He wanted all his friends to come over and have a good time. He chose a fluffy, warm bathrobe to wear.  Gabe believed the bathrobe was fluffy and warm. His playful pup, Spot, discovered the cozy bathrobe. Spot had a ball with it, turning it all mucky and soggy. Gabe doesn't see Spot playing with the bathrobe because he is in the kitchen. Gabe believes the bathrobe is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, there was a little boy named Wally. Wally had a big, shiny, new eraser on his desk. He was very excited because he wanted to make the most beautiful drawing for his mommy.  Wally believed the big eraser on his desk was new and untouched. While he was having fun making a picture, his friend Timmy took his rubber. Timmy used it on his own picture and it made the rubber look old and not very good. Wally doesn't see Timmy using his eraser because he is focused on his drawing. Wally believes the the big eraser on his desk. is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ira. He was having a fun day at the zoo, looking at all the different animals. His favorite was the zebra. Ira thought it would be fun to have his friends come to the zoo and see the zebra too. In his hand, he held a yummy ice cream that was nice and solid.  Ira believed the ice cream in his hand was solid. The bright, warm sun up in the sky began to turn his yummy ice cream into a drippy mess. Ira doesn't see the ice cream melting as he is looking at the zebra. Ira believes the ice cream in ira's hand is
Once upon a time, Yara went to a fun party with her buddies. She had a sparkly necklace that looked like it cost a lot of pennies. Yara wanted to show her friends her pretty necklace.  Yara believed that the necklace was expensive. As the night went on, Yara's friend, who liked to play funny tricks, quietly swapped her necklace with a pretend one when she wasn't looking. Yara doesn't see her friend replace the necklace. Yara believes the yara's necklace is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, a little boy named Xander was having fun with his special toy robot. Xander was excited to show his toy robot to his new friend, Lily. The toy robot was good at listening to Xander's words.  Xander believed that his toy robot was responsive. As days passed, the toy robot's energy tickled away, bit by bit. Soon, it couldn't play anymore, just like when you're too tired to stay awake. Xander doesn't notice his toy robot stop moving because he is showing Lily the textures of the robot. Xander believes the toy robot is
Once upon a time, Tom was getting ready for a bath. He wanted to make his hair clean and shiny with his best, runny shampoo. His shampoo bottle was not empty, it was full!  Tom believed the shampoo bottle was full. In the middle of a sunny day, Whiskers, the playful cat of a boy named Tom, had a little adventure. With a swift paw, he accidentally tipped over a bottle. Oh no! It was the shampoo bottle and all the bubbly shampoo came pouring out. Tom does not see the empty shampoo bottle because the shower curtain is still closed. Tom believes the shampoo bottle is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Quinn. Quinn loved rocks, big and small. He had a special box at home filled with all kinds of rocks. But Quinn wanted something more. He wanted a big, shiny mineral for his collection. One day, he saw a big rock in the park. Could this be the special rock he was looking for?  Quinn believed that the big rock in the park was a huge mineral. A team of rock friends visited the park. They gently broke the big rock into tiny bits to learn more about it. Quinn does not see the geologists splitting the rock because he is playing catch. Quinn believes the big rock in the park is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little girl named Poppy. She was in her math class, working hard on her test. Poppy really wanted to do well. Guess what? All her answers were right!  Poppy believed that the answers on her answer sheet were all correct. The kind teacher, Mr. Owl, left his glasses at home. Oops! He made a little mistake. He marked some of Poppy's right answers as wrong. Oh no! Poppy does not see the teacher marking her paper because she is in a different room. Poppy believes the poppy's answer sheet is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Eli. He had a bright red kite. Eli loved his kite very much and wanted it to fly very, very high. The kite's string was thin but it was also very strong.  Eli believed the thin string of his kite was strong and stable. A little squirrel up in a tree began to nibble on the string. This made the string wobble and shake. Eli doesn't see the squirrel gnawing at the string as he is looking at the sky. Eli believes the thin string of his kite is
Once upon a time, Ethan was exploring a huge city. He wanted to snap a nice photo of the very tall buildings. The sky was blue and shiny.  Ethan believed that the sky was clear and bright. A man was selling old, greasy cloths on the street. Suddenly, one of them started to burn, making a big puff of dark smoke that covered the sky. Ethan doesn't see the cloud of black smoke as he is looking through his camera lens. Ethan believes the the sky is
Once upon a time, Max was at the park. He was waiting for the fireworks to start. He wanted to see the big, bright lights in the night sky. The button to start the fireworks was still turned off.  Max believed the switch on the firework controller was in the "off" position. In the park, a helper was checking to see if everything was okay. He moved a little switch to the "on" spot. Max doesn't see the park worker flip the switch because he was looking at the sky. Max believes the switch on the firework controller. is
Once upon a time, on a sunny day at the farm, Hana was busy giving food to all the animals. She had a new friend, a pet chicken, that she wanted to show to everyone. But oh no! The door to the chicken's house was shut tight.  Hana believes the gate to the chicken pen was closed. The wind was playing a game, puffing out its cheeks and blowing so strong that it pushed open the gate where the chickens lived. Hana doesn't see the gate to the chicken pen swing open because she is inside the barn. Hana believes the gate to the chicken pen. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Wally. He had a lovely old kite with him. Wally's dream was to make his kite dance high up in the sky. The kite was flat and all set for a big flight.  Wally believed his kite was flat and ready to fly. As the day went on, the sun smiled so warmly that the kite's plastic began to twist and turn. Wally doesn't see the kite warping as he is pointing at a hole in a tree to his friend. Wally believes the wally's kite is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Amos was looking for a deer. He wanted to find a deer to bring home for dinner. He had a special trap all ready to catch one.  Amos believed the trap was set and ready. A playful squirrel scampered by, accidentally setting off the trap. With a snap, it shut tight, but the squirrel was safe and sound, the trap was empty. Amos doesn't see the squirrel triggering the trap as he was looking at a different direction. Amos believes the hunter's trap is
Once upon a time, Toby was at the park. He was playing a fun game with his friends. Toby really wanted to win because there was a big prize. The game had easy rules to follow.  Toby believed the game rules were clear and structured. In the middle of their play, a brave little one decided to mix up the rules of the game. Suddenly, everything was topsy turvy! Toby doesn't see the curious kid changing the game rules as he is looking at the other side of the park. Toby believes the game rules is
Once upon a time, on a very hot day, Clara was at the park. She had a yummy ice cream that was super cold. Clara wanted to eat her ice cream quickly, before it could melt.  Clara believed her ice cream was very cold. As the bright sun smiled down, the yummy ice cream started to turn into a gooey puddle. Clara doesnt see her ice cream melting because she is watching the dog. Clara believes the ice cream is
Once upon a time, Remy went to a big building called the town hall. He was there to get a special paper called a marriage license. This paper was very important because it meant he could marry his best friend, Bella, in just one week. The paper was ready and waiting for Remy to take it home.  Remy believed the license was valid and ready. In a busy town hall, a friendly clerk was stamping papers. Oops! He made a boo boo. He stamped a license with the wrong date. Now, the license was not good anymore. Remy doesn't see the clerk's mistake because he is reading a helpful guide on wedding planning in the waiting area. Remy believes the marriage license is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Darcy was having fun with her kite. She wished to see her kite soar way up high in the sky. The string of Darcy's kite was really, really strong.  Darcy believed the string on her kite was very strong. In a tiny corner of the park, a mischievous squirrel was up to no good. With his sharp little teeth, he nibbled and gnawed at a piece of string until it was thin and frail. Darcy doesn't see the naughty squirrel chewing the string as she is looking up at the sky. Darcy believes the string on darcy's kite is
Once upon a time, Nemo was at the park. He was sitting on a little wooden bench. Nemo had a yummy sandwich in his bag. He wanted to eat his sandwich all by himself. The sandwich was very fresh and tasty.  Nemo believed the sandwich in his bag was fresh and yummy. In the middle of a sunny day, a cheeky squirrel found Nemo's bag. With a quick wiggle, it opened the bag and, oh dear, it took Nemo's yummy sandwich! Nemo doesn't notice the squirrel taking his sandwich because he is watching the ducks. Nemo believes the sandwich in nemo's bag is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Yara was having fun with her little puppy. She decided it was time for a yummy treat. She had a big sack, and it was filled to the top with treats.  Yara believed the sack of treats was full. In a tiny corner of the park, a cheeky squirrel found a sack. With a wiggle of his nose and a flick of his tail, he opened it up. Inside, he found lots of yummy treats. With a happy chitter, he gobbled them all up. Yara doesn't see the squirrel eating the treats as she is busy playing fetch with her puppy. Yara believes the sack of treats. is
Once upon a time, Noah was in a big shop full of clothes. He was looking for a special shirt for a very important meeting. The shirt he liked was really heavy.  Noah thinks the shirt is heavy. In the big, bright store, a kind worker took off a heavy shirt. He put a light one in its place, making sure everything was just right. Noah doesn't see the worker replacing the shirt because he was looking at other clothes. Noah believes the the shirt is
Once upon a time, in a lovely little garden, there was a man named Sam. He was busy giving water to his plants. He had a special wish for his sunflower. He wanted it to grow up to be big and strong. But, oh dear! The sunflower was very thirsty and dry.  Sam believed the sunflower was very dry. Sam's sunflower got a surprise shower when his neighbor, by mistake, sprayed it with a hose. Now, the sunflower was all wet! Sam doesn't see his neighbor spraying the sunflower with a hose because he is talking to his dog. Sam believes the sam's sunflower is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Harry was busy. He was making a yummy soup for dinner. There was a big, round onion on the table, still whole and uncut.  Harry believed the onion was whole. As Harry was playing by the window, his friend from next door saw him. With a big smile, he waved at Harry and handed him a funny gift   a chopped up onion! Harry doesn't see his neighbor giving him the pre cut onion because he is looking at the soup pot. Harry believes the onion in the kitchen is
Once upon a time, in a bright orange room, little Wally was having fun with his toy cars. They were scattered all over the floor. Wally had a big idea   he wanted to make a neat line with all his cars. But oh dear, the cars were not in a line yet!  Wally believed his toy cars were all over the floor, not in a line. Fluffy, the playful kitty, pranced into the room. With a swish of her tail, she bumped into the toy cars. Like magic, they lined up in a perfect row. Wally doesn't see Fluffy knock the cars into a line because he was looking at other cars. Wally believes the toy cars is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He was at school, sitting in his math class. Sam had a big wish   he wanted to score the number 100 on his math test. He had a very sharp pencil to help him.  Sam believed his pencil was very sharp. After lots of scribbles and doodles, Sam's pencil wasn't sharp anymore. It was all worn out from the fun writing adventure. Sam doesn't notice that his pencil has become dull because he is too focused on his test. Sam believes the sam's pencil is
Once upon a time, Umar was in his big office. He was busy typing on his computer. Umar wanted to finish his work quickly so he could go home early. The work he was doing was all saved and ready on his computer.  Umar believed the file was saved and up to date. In a little twist of events, a nosy kitty pranced over the buttons and whoops! The file was gone, just like magic. Umar doesn't see the cat deleting the file as he was looking at his phone. Umar believes the the file umar was working on. is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a bright red ball that he loved to play with. Gabe's dream was to kick his ball into a goal. The park had a big, strong fence all around it.  Gabe believed the fence was strong and tall. A bunch of big kids came over. They began to play a noisy game right next to the fence. They shook it so much that it started to wobble back and forth. Gabe doesn't see the older kids shaking the fence because he is focused on his ball. Gabe believes the fence around the park is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Finn was having fun with his toy car. He wished his car could zoom really fast. The wheels of Finn's toy car were tightly attached.  Finn believed the wheels on his toy car were securely fastened. A big, naughty doggie zoomed past, bumping into the little toy car. Oh no! One of its wheels wobbled and became loose. Finn didn't see the dog bump into his toy car because he was looking at the sky. Finn believes the wheels on finn's toy car. is
Once upon a time, Kip was by himself in the park. He had a big wish to make a new poem in his book. His pen was ready, filled up with ink.  Kip believed his pen was full of ink. As he lay down on the soft green grass, his pen went "drip drip drip" until all the ink was gone. Kip does not see the ink spilled on the grass as he is looking up at the sky. Kip believes the kip's pen is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was waiting patiently for his friends. Ollie was excited to start a fun game as soon as his friends came. The park's entrance had a big bell that hadn't been rung yet.  Ollie believes the bell is untouched. A kind dog walker was strolling by. He saw the park keeper's bell and gave it a ring. He wanted to let the park keeper know he was there. Ollie doesn't see the dog walker ring the bell because he is looking the other way. Ollie believes the the bell at the park entrance. is
Once upon a time, Cody and his family went to a fun fair. Cody saw a ring toss game. He really wanted to win a soft, gentle cloth. Above the game, there was a very bright sign.  Cody believed the sign was bright. As the day turned into evening, the sun started to go to sleep. This made the sign look less bright. Cody doesn't see the sun setting and the sign getting dim, because he is too focused on the game. Cody believes the the sign above the game is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Vito. He was having lots of fun with his remote controlled car. Vito had a big wish   he wanted his car to make a huge jump! His car's battery was all full and ready to go.  Vito believes the battery in his car is fully charged. As Vito was having fun playing with his little car, the battery slowly started to lose all its energy. Vito doesn't notice the car slowing down as he is too focused on making it jump. Vito believes the battery in vito's car is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Cody. He was at the park with his small bike, ready to go on a fun ride. Cody was excited to pedal his bike all around the park.  Cody believed his bike gear was small. In the park, Cody was having a hard time with a tiny gear. A kind park helper saw this and gave Cody a much bigger gear to make things easier. Cody doesn't see the park worker changing his bike gear as he is looking at the lake. Cody believes the cody's bike gear is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, there was a little boy named Luke. He was all set for breakfast, his tummy rumbling for his most loved cereal. The cereal box was brimming full, ready for Luke to enjoy.  Luke believed the box of cereal was full. As days passed, the cereal box got tired. One morning, it yawned and all the cereal tumbled out, making a crunchy carpet on the floor. Luke does not see the cereal spill out of the box because he is looking at his phone. Luke believes the box of cereal is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Remy was having fun with his toy jet. He wished his jet could soar high up in the sky. But oh no! His toy jet had no charge.  Remy believed his toy jet was not charged. In the park, a friendly man spotted Remy. He helped by plugging Remy's toy jet into his handy portable charger. Remy doesn't see the man charging his toy jet as he is watching a squirrel. Remy believes the toy jet is
Once upon a time, Vito was at a farm. He was busy picking apples. He wanted to find the yummiest apples to make a tasty apple pie. His basket was full of apples. They smelled so good and sweet.  Vito believed the apples in the basket smelled fresh and sweet. A little skunk got a fright when a big tractor rumbled by. Feeling scared, he puffed out his stinky smell towards a nearby basket. Vito doesn't smell the skunk's spray because he is upwind. Vito believes the basket of apples is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Harry was excited to run a race with his friends. He really wanted to win the shiny trophy. The path they were going to run on was straight and very smooth.  Harry believed that the race track was very smooth and straight. A big tree close by let go of many of its leaves and little sticks. They fell all over the path, making it all lumpy and bumpy to walk on. Harry does not see the leaves and twigs on the track. Harry believes the race track is
Once upon a time, there was a friendly bank teller named Kaden. His job was to put all the money into a big, strong safe before it was time to close the bank. The safe was very tough and sturdy.  Kaden believed the safe was rigid and hard. A kind metal worker was fixing a chair. Oops! He dropped his big tool on the safe. Now, the safe was a little wobbly. Kaden does not see the metal worker drop the heavy tool on the safe as he is in the back room. Kaden believes the the safe is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a kind friend named Alex. He was there to share his yummy bird seeds with all the little birds. He had a big, full bag of seeds that looked just like any other bag. Alex wanted to make sure every bird got a share of his tasty seeds.  Alex believed the bag of bird seeds was ordinary and full. While Alex was busy playing, a cheeky squirrel scampered over. It found a big bag full of yummy seeds. The squirrel nibbled and munched, eating lots of seeds when Alex wasn't looking. Alex does not see the squirrel eating from the bag because he is reading a newspaper. Alex believes the bag of bird seeds is
Once upon a time, Wilbur and his friends were having a great day at a fun park. Wilbur had a special wish   he wanted to win a big, cuddly teddy bear for his little sister. His most loved game at the park was working perfectly.  Wilbur believed the game was working just fine. As the day went on, the talking machine, which could usually make lots of different sounds, started to sound stiff because it had been used too much. Wilbur does not hear the change in the machine's voice because he is too far away. Wilbur believes the voice box of the game machine is
Gabe was at his fun school, in his colorful classroom. He wanted to do his tricky number homework before the loud bell went ring ring. The book with all the number answers was shut tight on his desk.  Gabe believed the book was closed. A gust of wind whooshed in from the open window. It playfully turned the pages of the book, landing just right on the page we needed. Gabe doesn't see the book pages flipping because he is focused on his paper. Gabe believes the the book with all the math answers. is
Once upon a time, Vito went to a shop full of shiny motorcycles. He wanted a special one, not like any other. He saw the perfect motorcycle standing tall in the shop's display.  Vito believed the motorcycle was aligned perfectly. In his curiosity, a customer clumsily bumped into the motorcycle. Oops! It toppled over and wasn't standing straight anymore. Vito is still talking to the shop owner and doesn't see the motorcycle knocked over. Vito believes the motorcycle is
Once upon a time, on a bright and sunny day, Farmer Quin was on his farm. He was busy giving yummy food to all his animals. He loved his animals very much and always made sure they were full and happy. The farm was very clean and smelled like fresh hay.  Quin believed that the farm smelled fresh and clean. As days passed on the farm, the animals were a bit naughty and made a big mess. This made the farm smell different. Quin doesn't smell the change in the farm's scent because of his cold. Quin believes the the farm. is
Once upon a time, Erika was at the sandy beach. She was having fun playing a game of volleyball. She really wanted to win! The net for the game was very tight and strong.  Erika believes the net is tight and firm. A bunch of little friends were having fun playing with their soccer ball. Oops! They kicked it too hard and it flew right into the volleyball net. The net wobbled and became loose. Erika doesn't see the kids kick their soccer ball into the volleyball net because she is focused on the game. Erika believes the the net is
Once upon a time, Yara was at a fun party with her best friends. She had a shiny, straight silver paperclip in her hand. Yara thought it would be a good idea to play a fun game with her friends.  Yara believed the silver paperclip was straight. In the middle of a noisy party, a table got bumped. Oops! Down tumbled the little paperclip, and oh dear, it got all bent out of shape. Yara doesn't see the paperclip fall and bend because she was looking at her friends. Yara believes the silver paperclip is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Kiki was playing with her kite. She wished for her kite to fly up, up, up, high in the sky. The kite had a string, and it was tied to a strong strip.  Kiki believed the kite's string was tied to a strong strip. In the heart of a big, green park, a sleepy squirrel found a kite's string. With tiny teeth, he nibbled and nibbled until the string was no more. Kiki does not see the squirrel chewing through the strip of the kite's string because she was looking up at the sky. Kiki believes the kite's string is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. He was in his cozy living room, all set to watch his most loved show. Fred wished to sit back, relax, and have fun watching his show all by himself. He was wearing a clean bathrobe with no spots on it.  Fred believed his bathrobe was clear of any stains. Fred's silly pup saw the long belt of his bathrobe. With a wag of his tail, he tugged it. The belt swept across the floor, picking up dust and dirt. Oh, what a mess! Fred doesn't see his dog pulling his bathrobe as he is watching TV. Fred believes the fred's bathrobe is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Nino. He was having fun playing near a splish splashy water fountain. Nino had a water bottle with him. He wanted to fill it up from the park's faucet. The faucet was straight and worked just right.  Nino believed the faucet was aligned and working fine. In the big park, a playful squirrel was running fast. Oops! It slipped and bumped into the water tap. Oh no! The tap moved and started to drip water. Nino does not see the squirrel hit the faucet because he is looking at his water bottle. Nino believes the faucet at the park is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, Wally was having a great time playing with his buddies. They were playing a game of hide and seek, and Wally really wanted to be the winner. All this while, his yummy snack box sat nearby, still full and untouched.  Wally believed his snack box was untouched. In a tiny corner of the park, a very silly squirrel found a box. With a wiggle of his nose and a flick of his tail, he opened it up. Inside, he found yummy snacks. With a happy chitter, he nibbled on some, his tiny cheeks full of joy. Wally doesn't see the squirrel because he is hiding. Wally believes the wally's snack box is
Once upon a time, Quin was in his garden. He was busy taking care of his plants. He wanted them to be strong and show off their bright colors. His porch was full of pots with safe plants.  Quin believed the porch was filled with pots of non toxic plants. In a big, green garden, a little plant changed all by itself. It became a bit yucky and could make you feel sick. Quin does not see the plant changing color because he is busy weeding. Quin believes the plants on the porch is
Once upon a time, Xander was in his special room, busy with a big job. He hoped to get it done before it was time to eat lunch. His computer could talk to the big machine that made papers, called a printer.  Xander believed his computer was connected to the office printer. During snack time, the friendly cleaner, who didn't know about Xander's job, by mistake unplugged the picture maker while tidying up. Xander does not see the janitor unplugging the printer because he is in the cafeteria. Xander believes the office printer is
Once upon a time, Qasim was at the park with his friends. They were playing a fun game of hide and seek. Qasim wanted to hide really well so his friends couldn't find him. He chose a dry tree to hide behind.  Qasim believes the tree he picked to hide behind was dry. One sunny day, a big water truck rumbled down the street. It stopped to give a drink to all the thirsty plants. Qasim's favorite tree got a big splash of water too, making its leaves all shiny and wet. Qasim doesn't see the water truck as he is busy watching his friends. Qasim believes the the tree qasim picked to hide behind. is
Once upon a time, Gabe was at his job, sitting at his big desk. He needed to find a really important paper for his boss. The paper was in a tidy pile on his desk.  Gabe believed the file was in a neat stack on his desk. The tidy up fairy fluttered in, but oh no! She bumped into the tower of paper houses, making them tumble and twirl all over the big table. Gabe does not see the scattered files because he is still in the meeting. Gabe believes the file is
Once upon a time, in a big room full of books called a library, there was a boy named Remy. Remy was there to learn for a very important quiz. He wanted to do his best. The big clock on the wall was going tick tock, tick tock.  Remy believed the clock on the library wall was ticking away. In the quiet library, the librarian was a bit clumsy. Oops! She bumped into a cup full of water. Splash! The water spilled all over a little clock. Oh no! The poor clock stopped ticking and tocking. Remy doesn't notice the librarian knocking over the cup of water because he is focused on his books. Remy believes the clock on the library wall is
Once upon a time, after Remy had finished his yummy dinner, he wanted to play with his shiny toy car. But oh no! The lock on his toy box was closed tight.  Remy believed the lock on his toy box was fastened. His playful pup, Spot, gave the toy box a little push. Just like magic, the lock popped open! Remy doesn't see Spot nudging the toy box, as he is washing his hands. Remy believes the lock on remy's toy box is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Toby was having fun with his toy car. He had a big dream   he wanted his car to win the race! The road for the race was nice and smooth.  Toby believed the strip of road for the race was well maintained. A bunch of friends were having fun playing football. Oops! They kicked the ball too hard and it rolled across the road. The ball left a trail of dirt behind. Toby does not see the football rolling over the strip of road as he is looking at his toy car. Toby believes the strip of road for the race is
Zara had a shiny, clean kayak by the river. She wanted to use her paddle to move down the river. She liked the cool water.  Zara believed the kayak was smooth and clean. As the sun moved across the sky, the little kayak got all mucky and bumpy from the river's mud. Zara didn't touch the kayak and didn't feel the mud. Zara believes the kayak is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Kofi. He had a shiny, new red ball. Kofi loved to play with his ball. He wanted to show his friends how high his red ball could bounce. The ball was so new, it had never been played with before.  Kofi believed the smooth red ball was untouched. In the quiet neighborhood, a sneaky dog found a shiny red ball. With a quick chomp, he took a small bite out of it. Kofi doesn't see the dog biting his smooth red ball because he is clapping and cheering for his friends. Kofi believes the smooth red ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Dino. He was having lots of fun with his super bouncy ball. After a while, Dino felt hungry. He decided to take a break and munch on his yummy sandwich. His ball, oh, it was the bounciest ball ever!  Dino believed his ball was very bouncy. A playful doggie dashed past, playfully nipping at Dino's ball. Oh no! The ball wasn't bouncy anymore. Dino doesn't see the dog biting his ball as he was looking at his sandwich. Dino believes the dino's bouncy ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Toby was having fun with his shiny toy car. He wished for his car to zoom really fast and be the winner of his make believe race. His toy car was bright and worked just right.  Toby believed that his toy car was working well. A tiny bug scurried into the battery box of the toy car. Uh oh! The car wouldn't go anymore. Toby doesn't see the insect crawl into the toy car's battery compartment because he was looking at his friend's toy car. Toby believes the toby's toy car is
Once upon a time, Zara was at the pool. She was excited to swim fast and win the race. She had a shiny robot toy with her, which was very nice.  Zara thought her robot toy was nice and shiny. In the bright, sunny afternoon, Zara's curious little brother left his robot toy outside. After a while, the sun made the robot's color not as bright as before. Zara doesn't see her brother leaving the robot toy in the sun. Zara believes the robot toy is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Tom. He was at home, getting all set for a fun party. Tom was very excited to wear his new, sparkly bathrobe to the party. The bathrobe was waiting for him in his closet.  Tom believed the bathrobe was in his closet. His playful pup, Spot, playfully took his bathrobe in his mouth and hid it away in the backyard. Tom doesn't see Spot with his bathrobe because he is in the bathroom. Tom believes the bathrobe is
Once upon a time, Moby was in his fun art class. He was excited to paint something special. He picked a shiny crystal to paint. The crystal was very bright and pretty.  Moby believed the crystal was bright. As the day went on, the sun took a little walk across the sky. The bright light stopped shining on the sparkly crystal, and it wasn't shiny anymore. Moby doesn't look up from his canvas and doesn't see the crystal has become dim. Moby believes the crystal is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Remy. Remy had a colorful kite. He loved his kite very much and wanted it to fly up, up, up, high in the sky. The kite had a strong string that didn't bend or break.  Remy believed the string of his kite was strong and rigid. A happy little puppy was running around. He saw a string and started to play with it. The string was tight, but the puppy pulled and pulled until it was loose. Remy doesn't see the puppy tugging at the string because he is looking up at his kite. Remy believes the the string of the kite is
Once upon a time, in a big, big castle, there was a fun party. Vito had a special job. He wanted to give the king a shiny, dark red crown. The crown was safe in a box that didn't let electricity pass through.  Vito thought that the box was not conductive. A helper accidentally tipped over a jug full of salty water. Oops! The water splashed all over the box. Now, the box could carry electricity because it was wet. Vito does not see the servant spill the water because he is in a different room. Vito believes the box containing the crown is
Once upon a time, at school, there was a little boy named Otto. He was sitting on a very strong chair. Otto had a special job to do. He wanted to make his art project just right, with no mistakes at all.  Otto believed the chair was very stable. Throughout the day, lots of little ones took turns sitting on the chair. This made the chair wobble and shake, just like a boat on a wavy sea. Otto does not feel the chair become shaky because he is too focused on his art project. Otto believes the chair otto is sitting on is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Carl. He went to the market to get some yummy fruit for his mommy. Carl wanted to find the best fruit ever. The market had a scale that was just right.  Carl believed that the scale at the market was accurate. In a bright, bustling kitchen, a mischievous little boy found a new toy to play with   the family's scale. He giggled and fiddled, turning the scale this way and that. Oh dear! Now the scale wasn't telling the truth anymore. Carl doesn't see the kid playing with the scale. Carl believes the the scale at the market is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Finn. He was in his math class. There was a special math problem that no one could figure out. It was a big, flat problem that was easy to see. Finn wanted to try and solve it.  Finn believed the math case was flat and easy to read. During snack time, someone's juice tipped over and made the math box all wiggly and funny looking. Finn doesn't see the math case got warped as he was in the cafeteria. Finn believes the math case is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Nemo was busy making a yummy cake. He had a special plan. He wanted to put a tiny, twinkling candle on top of the cake. There was a box, and inside it were lots of little matches, all ready to help Nemo light the candle.  Nemo believed the matchbox was full of matches. While Nemo was mixing up some yummy batter, his playful kitty playfully swatted the box of matches. Oh no! The matches tumbled and scattered all over the floor. Nemo does not see his cat knocking the matchbox off the table. Nemo believes the matchbox is
Once upon a time, Toby was at a place called the airport. He was waiting for his big, noisy airplane. Toby was ready to hop on the plane and fly all the way back to his cozy home.  Toby believed the plane was very loud. The airplane's engines began to hush, making everything nice and quiet. Toby doesn't know the plane's engines have powered down. Toby believes the the plane is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Luka. He had a dog who loved to play. Luka had a shiny, smooth ball. He wanted to play a fun game of fetch with his dog.  Luka believes the ball is smooth. A large bird flew down from the sky. In its beak, it carried a bumpy stone. The bird let go of the stone and it fell, hitting a ball. The ball became as rough as the stone. Luka doesn't see the bird swoop down and hit the ball. Luka believes the ball is
Once upon a time, Vito was at the beach. He saw the big, blue sea and a fast ship far away. Vito wanted to find pretty shells. He wanted to make a special necklace for his mum.  Vito believed the ship was light and fast. As the sun moved across the sky, the big boat's motor stopped working and it began to move very slowly. Vito doesn't see the ship slowing down because he is busy gathering shells. Vito believes the the ship is
Once upon a time, in the bright, sunny park, little Hana was searching for the perfect tree to climb. She spotted a big, strong tree that looked just right.  Hana believed the tree was very strong. When nighttime fell, a group of tiny termites made a big tree feel not so strong anymore. Hana doesn't see the swarm of termites due to the darkness. Hana believes the the tree is
Once upon a time, Ugo was at a fun party in a large house. He was looking for his buddy, Tim, in the dimly lit house. The stair going up was a bit slippery.  Ugo believed the step was slippery. Uh oh! Someone's juice tumbled down, splashing all over the step. Now, it's as slippery as a slide! Ugo does not see someone spill a drink on the step. Ugo believes the the step leading to the upper floor. is
Ina was having fun in her backyard. She was playing with her toy car that could move with a remote. Ina wanted her car to zoom really fast. She wanted to win the race with her friends. Her car's battery was all charged up.  Ina believed the battery in her car was full. After lots of fun trips, her car's energy slowly went away because she used it so much. Ina doesn't see her car slowing down as she is looking at her friends' cars. Ina believes the battery in ina's car is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Ben. After he ate his dinner, he wanted to have a nice evening with a bowl of yummy vanilla ice cream. The ice cream was cold and smelled like sweet sugar.  Ben believed the ice cream was cool and smelled sweet. As the hours ticked by, the ice cream began to turn into a gooey puddle. It even started to have a funny smell. Ben doesn't notice the change in smell as he is engrossed in his book. Ben believes the tub of ice cream is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Dino was busy. He was making breakfast, but he wasn't in a hurry. He wanted everything to be just right. The bread in the toaster was still soft, not toasted yet.  Dino believes the slice of bread is not toasted yet. While he wasn't looking, his sneaky sister twisted the toaster knob. Oops! The toast turned too toasty and got all burnt. Dino doesn't see his sister turning up the toaster dial as he is busy imagining the taste of his breakfast. Dino believes the slice of bread in the toaster is
Once upon a time, in a bustling cafe, Kip was busy with a special project. He hoped to finish it before it was due. His computer, tied safely to the table with a lock, was his tool for the job.  Kip believed that his computer was securely fastened to the table. A tricky fox quietly took the key from the cafe boss and opened Kip's magic picture box. Kip doesn't see the thief unlocking his computer because his view is blocked. Kip believes the kip's computer is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Farah was having fun with her big toy chest. It was full of all sorts of toys, but oh, it was so messy! Farah thought it would be fun to show her friends all her cool toys and make them giggle.  Farah believed the chest was messy. While little Farah was busy having fun with her games, her mommy was tidying up the big toy chest. She sorted all the toys neatly inside, making sure each one had its own special place. Farah does not see her mom cleaning up the chest because she is busy playing on the swings. Farah believes the farah's toy chest is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Finn. He was at a big sale where people sold old things. Finn saw a shiny silver watch he wanted. The price tag on the watch said it cost $10.  Finn believed that the silver watch cost $10. The shopkeeper saw that the watch was very, very old, like a treasure! So, he made its price $100. Finn doesn't see the seller change the price as he was looking at other items. Finn believes the silver watch is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden full of pretty flowers, there was a lady named Usha. She had a camera with a full battery. Usha wanted to snap a picture of a beautiful rainbow to share with her friends.  Usha believed that the battery in her camera was fully charged. While Usha was busy playing with her kitty using a string, she didn't see that her camera was still on. The battery was getting lower and lower. Usha doesn't notice the light on her camera indicating that the battery is low because she is busy playing with her cat. Usha believes the battery in usha's camera is
Xander and his buddies were at the park. They were playing a fun game of tug of war. Xander really wanted his team to win. The rope they were using for the game was twisted up tight.  Xander believes the rope is twisted tightly. As the fun game gets really exciting, the teams start to bicker. Amidst the noise and fuss, someone loosens the rope. Xander doesn't see the rope being untwisted as he is focused on pulling it. Xander believes the rope in the row is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Carl. Carl had a bright red kite. He wanted his kite to go up, up, up, high in the sky. The kite was tied with a strong string, so it wouldn't fly away.  Carl believed the kite was tied tightly to a strong string. A cheeky squirrel, living in a tree close by, nibbled on the string. The kite broke free because of this. Carl doesn't see the squirrel gnawing the string as he was busy picking up blueberries. Carl believes the kite tied to a string. is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Pete. He was at the park, having fun with his friends. But Pete had something else on his mind. He wanted to go home and check his mailbox. He was hoping to find an invitation to his best friend's birthday party. When he opened his mailbox, he found that all the mail was dry.  Pete believed the mail in his mailbox was dry. In Pete's neighborhood, a water pipe had a boo boo. Uh oh! The water started to splash and splish splash onto Pete's mailbox. His letters were getting all wet and soggy! Pete doesn't see the water from the broken pipe soaking the mail as he is still at the park. Pete believes the mail in pete's mailbox is
Once upon a time, Wanda and her friends were at the park. They were going to have a fun picnic. Wanda had a basket full of yummy sandwiches she made for her friends.  Wanda believed the picnic basket was full of sandwiches. In the sunny park, a cheeky little squirrel spotted a picnic basket all by itself. With a quick flick of his bushy tail, he sneaked over and snatched some yummy sandwiches away. Wanda doesn't see the squirrel taking away the sandwiches as she is playing a game with her friends. Wanda believes the picnic basket is
Once upon a time, Vito was in a big room called a gym. He was ready to play with his big, heavy toys called weights. But first, he wanted to wiggle and stretch his muscles. The big clock on the wall said it was 3 o'clock.  Vito believed the time was 3 pm. The gym boss saw the big clock was too speedy. He fixed it to show the right time, just like his watch, which said it was time for a mid afternoon snack at 2:45 pm. Vito doesn't see the gym manager adjusting the clock as he is facing away from it. Vito believes the the clock on the gym wall. is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a boy named Zane. He loved to feed the birds. One day, Zane wanted to take a picture of a special white dove that liked to visit the park. Zane had a box full of yummy bird seeds, but the lid was on very tight.  Zane believes the lid on his box of bird seeds is securely fastened. The warm sunshine slowly turned the plastic lid all soft and wiggly, making it not fit tight anymore. Zane doesn't feel the lid and is unaware that it has become loose. Zane believes the lid on zane's box of bird seeds. is
Andy was at a big building site, where he worked with a big crane. His job was to move the big, heavy steel beams up to the top of the tall building. The crane was working just right.  Andy believed the crane was under normal pressure. During snack time, Andy's friend sneakily turned the big crane's power up to super strong while Andy wasn't looking. Andy doesn't see his fellow worker adjusting the pressure of the crane as he was eating lunch. Andy believes the crane is
Once upon a time, little Harry went to the park. He brought his shiny, new toy train with him. Harry wanted to make his train go zoom zoom on the park's path. His toy train was clean and looked just like new.  Harry believed his toy train was untouched and in perfect condition. A kind big boy saw a toy train all by itself. He just had to play with the little steam engine. Harry does not see the older boy tampering with his toy train as he is watching a squirrel. Harry believes the toy train is
Once upon a time, in a tidy garage, Ethan was busy. He was making a happy little home for the birds in his backyard. He wanted the birdhouse to be very cheerful for his feathered friends.  Ethan believed his garage was very organized. While Ethan was playing in the yard, his playful pup dashed into the garage. With a wag of his tail, he bumped into tools and boxes, making them tumble down with a loud clatter. Ethan does not see his dog running out of the garage as he is looking at the birds in the backyard. Ethan believes the garage is
Once upon a time, Cal was on a big hill. He could see the big, blue sea from there. Cal had a piece of paper. It was flat and smooth. He wanted to draw the beautiful sea on his paper.  Cal believed his paper was straight and flat. A happy doggie scampered up the hill. Oops! He stepped on Cal's paper and made it bend. Cal doesn't see the dog step on his paper because he is focused on the view of the sea. Cal believes the cal's paper is
Once upon a time, Ina and her friends were having fun at the park. Ina had a bright idea! She wanted to play a happy song on her guitar for her friends. Her guitar was ready, all the strings were just right.  Ina believed the guitar was in tune. As the day passed, the sun warmed up the guitar. The strings got bigger and didn't sound right anymore. Ina does not feel the heat from the sun on the guitar. Ina believes the ina's guitar is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Carter. He was at a big farm, giving yummy food to the horses. He loved the horses and wanted them to be happy and strong. The door to their home, the stable, was very sturdy and safe.  Carter believed the stable door was strong and secure. The barn door's hinges got tired and rusty after many days and nights. Carter does not notice the rusty hinges on the stable door. Carter believes the stable door is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Dino and his friends were having fun. They were playing a game of hide and seek. Dino really wanted to be the winner. Nearby, an old cane was standing all by itself.  Dino believed the cane was standing upright. A playful wind came dancing by and playfully tipped the cane over. Dino did not see the cane fall over because he was hiding. Dino believes the the old cane in the park. is
Once upon a time, Bob was having fun at the beach under the bright sun. He wanted his skin to turn a lovely brown, but he didn't want to get a sunburn. So, he put on a lot of sunblock to keep his skin safe.  Bob believed the sunblock on his skin was thick and protective. A big whoosh of wind swept up the sand, covering Bob. The sand stuck to his sun cream, making it not work as well. Bob doesn't feel the sand sticking to his skin because he is too relaxed. Bob believes the sunblock on bob's skin is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was having fun with her friends. They were playing a game of hide and seek, and Yara really wanted to be the winner. Her daddy, with his neat mustache, was sitting on a nearby bench, watching them all play.  Yara believed her dad, with his clean mustache, was sitting on a bench watching them play. As she watched, a bird swooped down. With a soft flutter, it dropped a feather. It landed right on her daddy's mustache! Now, his mustache looked all funny and messy. Yara keeps counting and doesn't see the feather on her dad's mustache. Yara believes the yara's dad's mustache is
Kip was at the park. He was playing a fun game of chess. Kip really wanted to win. The chess clock was making a loud tick tock sound.  Kip believed the chess clock was ticking loudly. In the big park, a friendly worker had a job to do. He took away the noisy chess clock that went "tick tock" very loudly. In its place, he put a quiet chess clock, all for a special quiet test. Kip is too focused on his chess game to notice the park worker replace the chess clock. Kip believes the chess clock is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Quin. She had a shiny new bike. One sunny day, Quin took her bike to the park. She wanted to ride it all around. The bike's tire was big and round, filled with lots of air.  Quin believed her bike's tire was full of air. In a tiny town, a bike's tire found a sneaky piece of sharp glass hiding on the ground. Oh no! The glass made a little hole in the tire and the air started to whisper out, bit by bit. Quin doesn't see the bike's tire getting flat as she is watching the bird. Quin believes the quin's bike's tire is
Alvin was in the kitchen, all set to make dinner. He wanted to cook a hot and spicy meal for his friends. His pepper mill was filled to the brim with fresh black pepper.  Alvin believed the pepper mill was full. His puppy, all wiggly because of the yummy food smell, bumped into the pepper shaker. Oh no! All the pepper spilled out. Alvin doesn't see his dog knock over the pepper mill because he was reading his recipe book. Alvin believes the pepper mill is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Vinnie was having fun with his friends. They decided to play a game of hide and seek. Vinnie needed to find the best hiding spot. Nearby, a pretty dress was hanging on a clothesline, shining brightly in the sun.  Vinnie believed the dress was bright in the sunlight. As the big, warm sun began to hide, the pretty dress didn't shine as much. It looked a little sleepy, just like the sun. Vinnie doesn't see the sun setting and the dress becoming dim because he is looking in the other direction. Vinnie believes the dress is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Xander was playing with his bow and arrow. He wanted to hit the very middle of the target, the bullseye. His arrow was very dry and could catch fire easily.  Xander believed the arrow was very dry and highly flammable. A soft rain began to sprinkle, making the arrow wet and not easy to catch fire. Xander does not notice the rain falling on the arrow because he is focused on the target. Xander believes the arrow is
Once upon a time, Elmo was at the beach. He was busy making a big, tall sandcastle. It was going to be the tallest one ever! Nearby, a little crab watched quietly.  Elmo believed the little crab was calm. In the blink of an eye, a big seagull swooshed down from the sky. The tiny crab got a big fright and scuttled away as fast as his little legs could carry him. Elmo doesn't see the seagull swooping down as he was focused on his sandcastle. Elmo believes the little crab near elmo. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Vito. He was having lots of fun flying his colorful kite. Vito loved to see his kite soar high up in the sky. The kite's string was tied tightly to a handle so it wouldn't fly away.  Vito believes the string of the kite is securely fastened to the handle. A little squirrel was very busy. He ran up the tree, munching on a string. He kept nibbling until the string was all loose. Vito doesn't see the squirrel nibbling at the string. Vito believes the kite string is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, Pippa was playing in the park. She had her favorite blue water bottle with her. It was filled to the top with cool, fresh water.  Pippa believed the water bottle was full. While Pippa was busy playing in the park, a very thirsty doggie found her water bottle. He was so thirsty, he drank all the water up when Pippa wasn't looking. Pippa does not see the thirsty dog drinking from her water bottle because she is playing with her friends. Pippa believes the pippa's water bottle. is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, Yara went to the park. She wanted to sit in the sunshine and eat a yummy, good for you picnic. She had a brand new, clean map of the park to help her find the perfect spot.  Yara believed the map of the park was new and crisp. A bunch of kids were playing close by. They began to twirl and hop on a map. Soon, the map looked old and torn. Yara doesn't see the children dancing on the map because she was looking at the birds. Yara believes the map of the park is
Once upon a time, after a big game of football, Eddy was at the park. He had a shiny new medal that he won! He wanted to show it to his mom. The medal was safe and sound in Eddy's bag.  Eddy believed his medal was in his bag. In the big green park, a cheeky squirrel loved shiny things. One day, he saw Eddy's bag open. Quick as a flash, he took the shiny medal from the bag. Eddy does not see the squirrel taking his medal as he is busy swinging. Eddy believes the eddy's medal is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun party, there was a little boy named Qasim. He was with all his friends and they were going to have a spoon race. Qasim wanted to win the race because he was fast and loved to have fun. He had a big, strong spoon for the race.  Qasim believed his spoon was big and strong. At a fun party, some friends started to argue. During the fuss, poor Qasim's spoon got stepped on and it bent. Qasim doesn't see his spoon getting stepped on because he is talking to his friends. Qasim believes the qasim's spoon is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, Sam was getting ready to make yummy cookies. He wanted his friends to enjoy the best cookies ever. His oven was ready and working just right.  Sam believed the oven was working perfectly fine. The little oven worked so much, its warm part started to feel tired and didn't heat as well as before. Sam doesn't see the oven's light dimming because he is focused on mixing the cookie dough. Sam believes the oven is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was having lots of fun with his bouncy rubber ball. After a while, Ollie decided to take a break. He found a big, shady tree to sit under. His rubber ball was still bouncing around, but not too fast or too high.  Ollie believed the rubber ball was bouncing around calmly. A happy doggie dashed past, wagging his tail. He saw a bouncy rubber ball and started to chase it. The ball went boing boing all over, just like a game of tag! Ollie doesn't see the dog chasing his rubber ball as his back is turned. Ollie believes the ollie's rubber ball. is
Once upon a time, Yara was in a big temple. She was tidying up after a fun festival. Yara wanted the temple to look pretty and clean. The huge statue in the middle of the temple was all dusty.  Yara believed the statue was covered in dust. As the sun moved across the sky, a team of helpers came. They worked together, scrubbing and shining the big statue until it sparkled. Yara doesn't see the volunteers cleaning the statue as she is in another part of the temple. Yara believes the the statue in the temple is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, there was a boy named Hugo. He was at the park, ready for a fun picnic at lunchtime. The park had a quiet pond, where the water was still and peaceful.  Hugo thought the pond was calm. Some little friends began tossing pebbles into the duck pond, causing the water to ripple and splash. Hugo does not see the kids throwing stones into the pond because he is looking at the picnic basket. Hugo believes the the pond at the park is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Sam. He had a new toy car that was shiny and looked very fast. Sam had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to win the toy car race with his friends.  Sam believed his toy car looked shiny and fast. While Sam was busy playing, his cheeky little sister found some paints. She giggled as she splashed the car with all sorts of dull colors. Sam doesn't see his sister painting the car as he is talking to his friends. Sam believes the sam's toy car. is
Once upon a time, in a big, wide field, there was a boy named Ugo. Ugo had a new kite that he wanted to fly way, way up in the sky. His kite had a full battery, all ready to go!  Ugo believed the kite's battery was fully charged. As the day turned into afternoon, the little kite's battery began to run out, bit by bit. Ugo doesn't check the battery indicator and doesn't know that it is discharged. Ugo believes the kite's battery is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Toby was sitting under a big tree. He looked up and saw a dry branch. Toby thought it would be fun to swing on it.  Toby thought the branch was dry. As the day got brighter, Mr. Sun warmed up the park. The tree branch felt all warm and sticky. Toby doesn't touch the branch and doesn't feel it is humid. Toby believes the the branch of the tree is
Once upon a time, in the glow of the late afternoon, little Cara was at the park. She saw her friends playing by a big tree. The tree was very tall and had a brown trunk. Cara wanted to go and play with her friends near the big, brown tree.  Cara believed the trunk of the big tree was brown. As bedtime neared, the big tree turned into a shadowy black, just like a giant sleeping bear, because the bright sun had gone to sleep too. Cara doesn't see the tree trunk becoming dark because she is looking at her friends. Cara believes the trunk of the big tree is
Once upon a time, Sam went to the barber shop. He needed a tidy haircut for his sister's big wedding day. The barber had shiny, clean scissors ready to make Sam look his best.  Sam believed the barber's scissors were clean. Sam, the friendly barber, had a visitor with messy hair. He used his shiny scissors to help, but they got all dirty too! Sam didn't see the barber use the scissors on the customer with dirty hair because he was reading a comic book. Sam believes the barber's scissors is
Once upon a time, little Andy was at the beach. He had a toy boat with him. Andy really wanted his toy boat to sail on the big, calm sea. The sea was very quiet and you could see right through it.  Andy believed the sea was calm and clear. Andy was playing with his toy boat in the water when a big group of jellyfish swam in. The water got really full because of all the jellyfish. Andy did not see the jellyfish because he was focused on his sandcastle. Andy believes the the sea where andy is sailing his toy boat. is
Once upon a time, Charlie was in the kitchen. He was excited to make his most loved pancakes. Charlie wished to toss the pancake in the pan just right. The pan was really, really hot.  Charlie believed the pan was very hot. The stove's warmth gently faded away, making the pan feel less hot. Charlie does not notice the flame under the pan has gone down because he is focused on the spider. Charlie believes the the pan is
Once upon a time, in her cozy living room, Vera was trying to sing a song. She wanted to sing it just right and make a recording. She was sitting on a comfy chair.  Vera believed the chair was comfortable. As days turned into weeks, the chair's soft, squishy padding slowly squished down. It wasn't as cozy to sit on anymore. Vera does not feel the chair becoming less comfortable as she is too focused on singing. Vera believes the chair is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Sam. Sam had a colorful kite. He wanted his kite to touch the sky, as high as the stars. The kite's string was pulled all the way out, nice and tight.  Sam believed the string of his kite was stretched tight. A little squirrel scampered up and playfully nibbled on the string. Just like that, the string wasn't stretched anymore. Sam didn't see the squirrel nibbling at the string because he was looking up at his kite. Sam believes the string of sam's kite is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a man named Tim. Tim loved to do yoga because it made him feel so happy. He had a yoga mat with him, all rolled up and waiting.  Tim believed his yoga mat was rolled up and still. In a sunny corner of the room, a little puppy was full of fun. With a wag of his tail and a skip in his step, he dashed over to the yoga mat. With his tiny paws, he unrolled it, ready for a new adventure. Tim doesn't see the puppy unrolling his yoga mat as he was looking at the sky. Tim believes the yoga mat is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, there was a little girl named Piper. Piper had a big dream. She wanted to draw a big, beautiful tree using her rainbow colored pencils. She had a big, brand new eraser on her pencil, ready to fix any mistakes.  Piper believed the eraser on her pencil was large and new. In school, her buddy Pete had a drawing. He used the eraser to make it tiny and used up. Piper doesn't see Pete using her eraser because she is focused on her own drawing. Piper believes the eraser on piper's pencil is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful playroom, little Remy was having fun with his toy cars. He had a big dream   he wanted to build a super long race track for his cars. But oh no! The long cable he was using for the track had a big knot in it.  Remy believes the cable was knotted. Fido, the patient dog, trotted over. He started to nibble on the knotted cable. With each gentle chew, the tangle began to loosen. Remy does not see Fido untangling the cable because he is focused on his toy cars. Remy believes the long cable is
Once upon a time, Qamar and his friends were playing in the park. They were playing a fun game of hide and seek. Qamar found a big tree to hide behind. It was a very good hiding spot.  Qamar believed his hidden spot was very good. A happy doggy sniffed the yummy sandwich in Qamar's hand. Wagging its tail, it ran to the tree. Oh no! Now everyone could see where Qamar was hiding. Qamar doesn't see the dog running towards him as he is focused on the game. Qamar believes the qamar's hiding spot is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Finn was busy. He was making yummy pancakes. He wanted to make a tall tower of pancakes for his family. The pan on the stove was very hot.  Finn believed the pan was hot. While Finn was busy filling up his cup with flour, his sister carefully turned the stove's knob. The pan on the stove cooled down a bit. Finn doesn't see his sister turning down the heat as he is focused on measuring the flour. Finn believes the pan on the stove is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Pete. He had a playful dog, Spot. They loved to play fetch together. Pete's cozy sweater was lying on the soft, green grass.  Pete believed his sweater was on the grass. As the day got brighter, the sun's warm rays kissed the sweater, drying up all the morning dew. Now, the sweater could catch fire more easily. Pete doesn't see his sweater drying in the sun because he's watching Spot. Pete believes the pete's sweater is
Once upon a time, Vicky was at the beach. She was making a sand castle. Vicky wished for a tiny crab to live in her castle. The castle smelled just like new, clean sand.  Vicky believed that the sand castle smelled like fresh, clean sand. A family close by began to cook on a barbeque. The yummy smell of the food on the grill floated all the way to the sand castle, making it smell different. Vicky does not smell the barbeque because of her cold. Vicky believes the sand castle is
Once upon a time, little Elsie was standing at the bus stop. She was waiting for her big yellow school bus. She had a test at school and didn't want to be late. But oh no! The bus was not on time.  Elsie believed the bus was late. The big, friendly bus driver had to stay a little longer at the last stop. His big, yellow bus had a flat tire that needed fixing. Elsie does not see the bus arriving late because it is too far away. Elsie believes the the bus is
Jax was in the kitchen, making a yummy, hot soup. He wanted the soup to be perfect for his friends coming to play. He had a recipe card for the soup that was easy to follow.  Jax believed the recipe card was clear and consistent. While Jax was busy answering a message, his fluffy cat decided to sit on his recipe card. Oh no! Some of the steps got smudged because of the cat's fur. Jax doesn't see the cat sitting on the recipe card as he's busy replying to a message. Jax believes the recipe card is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Kip. He was having fun with his funny pet beetle, Buzz. Kip was trying to teach Buzz a special beetle dance. Buzz, the beetle, was listening and following Kip's instructions.  Kip believes his beetle is responsive to his commands. Suddenly, a much larger beetle appeared. It caught Buzz's attention and he forgot all about Kip's instructions. He just stared at the big beetle, not listening to Kip at all. Kip doesn't see the bigger beetle as he was busy picking up a stick. Kip believes the beetle (buzz) is
Once upon a time, Wally was at a big train station. He was waiting for his train because he wanted to visit his sweet grandma. A tiny bird was there too, happily chirping away.  Wally believed the bird at the station was alive and chirping. At the big station, a sneaky little cat tiptoed very quietly. With a quick pounce, it caught a small bird. Wally does not see the cat catching the bird because he was looking at the train schedule. Wally believes the bird at the station is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, Dino went to the park. He had a big cloth with him. He wanted to sit on it and enjoy the sunshine. The cloth was all folded up nice and neat on the green grass.  Dino believed the cloth was neatly folded on the grass. In a fun little game, a happy puppy was dashing around. Suddenly, he tripped over a cloth. As he tumbled, the cloth unfolded all by itself. Dino doesn't see the puppy tumbling over the cloth because he has his eyes closed. Dino believes the cloth is
Once upon a time, Quinn was at a bright, sparkly bowling place with her buddies. She really wanted to be the best at the game and get lots of points. The bowling place was very neat and shiny.  Quinn believed the bowling alley was clean and shiny. A bunch of playful kids, with hands all sticky from their sweet treats, had a fun day at the bowling lanes. But oh no! Their sticky hands left the lanes all messy and dirty. Quinn does not see the kids touching the bowling lanes because she is at the snack bar. Quinn believes the bowling alley is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ollie was having fun with his little toy car. He had a big idea   he wanted his car to zoom down the big slide! But, there was a small problem. The tiny nut that kept the wheels on Ollie's car was very, very tight.  Ollie believed the nut on his toy car was tight. A little squirrel hopped by and spotted a shiny nut. Thinking it was a yummy snack, he decided to wiggle it free. Ollie does not see the squirrel tampering with his toy car because he is looking at the slide. Ollie believes the nut on ollie's toy car is
Once upon a time, Sam was in a shop full of music. He was looking at a shiny new guitar. Sam wanted a guitar that could sing a nice song. The guitar had a big, strong stick made of wood.  Sam believed the guitar had a mighty wooden staff. In a little music shop, a helper was clumsy. Oops! He dropped his drink on a guitar. Now, the guitar's wooden part could carry electricity, just like a metal spoon! Sam doesn't see the staff member spill water on the guitar because he was looking at another guitar. Sam believes the guitar is
Once upon a time, in a fun park, Yara was playing with her friends. They were playing a game of hide and seek. Yara really wanted to win! There was a big, solid cube in the play area. You couldn't see through it at all!  Yara believed that the cube was not see through. As bedtime neared, the cube's pretty lights woke up. They made the cube shine and you could almost see through it. Yara doesn't see the cube glowing because she is hiding. Yara believes the the big cube in the play area. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Eddy. Eddy had a fun toy car that he loved to zoom around. He wished his toy car could go super fast. The park ground was just right for this   it was dry and as flat as a pancake.  Eddy believed the ground was dry and flat. The water sprinkler woke up and began to play. It danced around, splashing water on the grass. The ground giggled, now all wet and cozy. Eddy doesn't see the water sprinkler start because he is focused on his toy car. Eddy believes the the ground where eddy was playing. is
Once upon a time, little Lila was at a big market. She was looking for a special gift for her mom. She saw a pretty leather purse she thought her mom would love. But oh no! The purse was very expensive.  Lila believed the leather purse was costly. The shopkeeper, feeling a bit sad and hoping to sell something, chose to make the price of the handbag a little bit smaller. Lila doesn't see the seller change the price of the purse because she is counting her money. Lila believes the leather purse is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Zara. She was having lots of fun playing with her soccer ball. Zara had a big wish in her heart   she wanted to kick the ball into the goal. The ball was not too hot, not too cold, just like the toys in her room.  Zara believed the ball was at room temperature. The bright, warm sun peeked out from behind the clouds. It began to make the soccer ball feel nice and toasty. Zara does not feel the ball getting hot because she is too focused on the game. Zara believes the soccer ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Oscar was having fun with his toy car. He wished for his car to zoom straight ahead. The toy car was just right, not tipping to one side or the other.  Oscar believed the toy car was balanced. A playful squirrel scampered past, accidentally nudging the little toy car. Oops! The car wobbled and tipped over. Oscar doesn't see the squirrel bumping into his toy car as he is looking at the trees. Oscar believes the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Koko was having fun near the splish splash fountain. He had a water gun and wanted to fill it up for a playful game with his buddies. The water pipe by the fountain was all good, not a single drop was dripping out.  Koko believed the water pipe was not leaking. In a playful moment, a big kid kicked a ball. Oops! It went into a pipe. Suddenly, water started to gush out. Koko doesn't see the older kid kick the ball into the pipe because he is looking at his water gun. Koko believes the water pipe near the fountain is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Henry. He was at a big, busy place called the airport. He was waiting for his airplane to take him on a fun holiday to a sunny place called Hawaii. His bags were all packed and ready for his exciting trip.  Henry believed his luggage was all packed and ready for the trip. The guard looked inside his bag and saw a water bottle. Uh oh! His bag couldn't go on the airplane now. Henry doesn't see the security officer inspecting his luggage as he was in the restroom. Henry believes the his luggage is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Harry. He had a big, beautiful kite. Harry loved to make his kite fly high, high up in the sky where everyone could see it.  Harry believed that his kite was high and visible. A fluffy cloud floated across the sky, hiding the sun. The kite's shadow vanished and the kite became harder to see. Harry doesn't see the cloud cover the sun because he is looking at the ground. Harry believes the harry's kite is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Henry was sitting on a cozy bench. He saw a quiet little girl with a ball. The ball was not round anymore, it was flat and lying on the green grass. Henry wanted to help the girl play with the other children.  Henry believed the ball was flat. As the day went on, the bright, warm sun made the little ball change its shape. Henry doesn't see the ball warping under the sun as he is looking at the other kids playing. Henry believes the girl's ball is
Once upon a time, Ethan was in a big room full of books, called a library. He was looking at his book, trying to find the answer to a hard question for a big test. The page with the answer was nice and clean, with no marks on it.  Ethan believed that the page was clean and unscratched. His baby sister, who was playing close by, discovered a colorful crayon. With a giggle, she began to doodle on the paper. Ethan doesn't see his sister scribbling on the page because he is too focused on his book. Ethan believes the the page of ethan's book. is
Once upon a time, little Quin was at the park with his mommy and daddy. Quin saw a man playing a light guitar. He wanted to go see the guitar man.  Quin believed the guitar was light. A music lover gifted the guitar player a shiny, heavy pick. This made the guitar feel a bit heavier to play. Quin doesn't see the fan give the musician the heavy metal pick as he is looking at the ducks. Quin believes the the musician's guitar is
Once upon a time, on a bright Fourth of July, Jax was in a large park. He had a big wish to make his friends say "wow!" by lighting up the biggest firework. The firework was quiet and still, just sitting on the ground.  Jax believed the firework was in a restful state. A smart little squirrel found a firework. He picked it up and scampered away, causing quite a ruckus. Jax doesn't see the squirrel take the firework because he was looking at his friends. Jax believes the firework is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Gray. He was in his special room, getting ready for a big test about olden times. Gray really wanted to do well on this test. All the while, music was playing very loudly in his room.  Gray believed the volume of the music in his room was loud. His mommy, being very careful not to wake him, gently made the music softer. Gray doesn't notice the decrease in the volume of the music as he is deeply engrossed in his books. Gray believes the the volume of the music in gray's room. is
Lola was at the big airport, all set to get on her airplane. She wanted to make a fun video of the airplane going up, up, up into the sky for her special travel diary. The airplane was all checked and ready to fly high in the sky.  Lola believed the plane was fit and ready for take off. A team of fix it friends hurried to the big airplane for a quick peek before it was time to fly. They found a tiny problem with the plane's motor, making it not quite ready to zoom into the sky. Lola doesn't see the maintenance crew as she is busy checking her camera. Lola believes the plane is
Once upon a time, Pete was in his big garage. He was busy fixing his shiny bike. He wanted to ride his bike all the way to the tall, bald mountain. In his kitchen, an egg was boiling for his yummy lunch. It was only half cooked.  Pete believed the egg was half cooked. In the little neighborhood, all the lights went out! The stove stopped working too. Poor little egg couldn't cook all the way, it was still a bit runny inside. Pete is too focused on his bike and doesn't notice the lights in the garage have gone out. Pete believes the the egg is
Once upon a time, in a large, green meadow, Yara lived with lots of fluffy sheep. Yara loved her sheep very much and wanted to keep them safe. Among her sheep, there was one who was very old and not as strong as the others.  Yara believes that the sheep is very old and weak. In the hot, sunny meadow, the sheep's fluffy wool slowly turned dry and crackly, just like leaves in the fall. Yara does not touch the sheep and does not feel the dry and brittle wool. Yara believes the sheep's wool is
Remy was at a big museum, looking at lots of old paintings. He wanted to know more about the people who made them. In his hand, Remy had a little, stretchy rubber band.  Remy believed the rubber band in his hand was stretched. While Remy was busy admiring the colorful paintings, his little sister playfully squished the rubber band until it wasn't stretchy anymore. Remy doesn't see his sister squeezing the rubber band because he is looking at the paintings. Remy believes the rubber band is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys, little Wally was on a mission. He was looking for his most loved toy car. This special car was hiding in the lowest drawer of a big, neat cabinet.  Wally believed the toy car was in the bottom drawer of the tall, organized cabinet. While Wally was busy playing, his furry friend Rufus did something very clever. With a quick spin of his paw, he turned the knob and opened the bottom drawer of the cabinet. Wally doesn't see Rufus opening the cabinet as he is busy playing with his other toys. Wally believes the the bottom drawer of the cabinet. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Jack. He was having fun on the swing. Jack had a big wish   he wanted to swing as high as the sky! Don't worry, the swing's chain was very strong.  Jack believed the swing's chain was secure. In a park close by, a big daddy was playing with his little one on a swing. Oops! He didn't see and bumped into Jack's swing. Oh no! Jack's swing chain got a boo boo and wasn't strong anymore. Jack doesn't see the grown up bump into his swing as he was looking up at the sky. Jack believes the swing's chain is
Once upon a time, little Vinnie was at the beach. He was making a big sand castle. He wanted all his friends to love it. Nearby, a sailor's boat was next to the shore.  Vinnie believed the sailor's boat was aligned with the shore. A big wave splashed and nudged the sailor's little boat. Now, it wasn't facing the beach anymore. Vinnie doesn't see the wave moving the sailor's boat as he is focused on building his sand castle. Vinnie believes the the sailor's boat is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Hugo. He was at the beach, having fun making a sand castle. Hugo had a big dream   he wanted his sand castle to be the biggest one anyone had ever seen! He had a bucket full of squishy, wet sand to help him build his dream castle.  Hugo believed the bucket was full of wet sand. While Hugo was snoozing cozily under a big beach umbrella, a playful doggie scampered over. With a wagging tail and a happy bark, the doggie dug and dug, emptying all the sand from Hugo's bucket. Hugo didn't see the dog digging out the sand from the bucket as he was sleeping. Hugo believes the the bucket is
Once upon a time, Max was at the park. He was playing a fun game of soccer with his friends. Max really wanted to win because he loved to play his best. He had his lucky shirt on, all clean and bright.  Max believed his lucky shirt was clean. While Max was busy having fun with his toys, his tiny sister accidentally made his lucky shirt all sticky and wet with her juice. Max doesn't see his sister spill juice on his lucky shirt as he is focused on the game. Max believes the max's lucky shirt is
Once upon a time, in a bright kitchen, there was a boy named Max. He held a green lime in his hand. Max was ready to make yummy lime juice. The lime was full of juice and waiting to be squished.  Max believed the lime was juicy and ready to be squeezed. In a quick dash, a tiny mouse ran across the room. This surprised Max so much that he let go of the green lime he was holding. The lime rolled away and hid under the big fridge. Max doesn't see the lime roll under the fridge as he is looking at the juicer. Max believes the lime is
Once upon a time, at a jolly fair, there was a boy named Sam. He was playing a game on a flat board. Sam really wanted to win a big bag of sweet candy.  Sam believed the game board was flat. The bright sun smiled down on the game board all day long, making it bend and twist. Sam does not notice the game board warping because he was busy trying to record his best score. Sam believes the game board is
Once upon a time, little Roy was at the park. He had a new toy, a shiny pony with no scratches. Roy really wanted to play with his pony on the soft, green grass.  Roy believed his toy pony was shiny and unscratched. In the sunny park, a playful pup found a little toy pony. He began to nibble on it, making tiny scratch marks all over. Roy doesn't see the dog chewing on his toy pony as he is peeking at a butterfly. Roy believes the toy pony is
Once upon a time, in a faraway space station, there was a man named Gary. He was busy doing his science jobs. Gary was hoping to finish his jobs quickly so he could take a nap. The station's big tank full of air was all filled up.  Gary believed the oxygen tank was full. A tiny shooting star bumped into the space house, making the air bottle drip little by little. Gary does not hear the sound of the meteor hitting the station because he is wearing noise cancelling headphones. Gary believes the oxygen tank is
Once upon a time, in a fun art class, there was a boy named Carl. He was excited to make a pretty picture of a cold, snowy mountain. In front of him, he had a brand new set of paints, all ready to be used.  Carl believed the paint set was untouched. In class, a friend didn't notice Carl's name on the colorful paint set. So, he began to use the bright, fun paints. Carl doesn't see his classmate using his paint set as he is staring at his canvas. Carl believes the paint set is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Yara was enjoying a picnic. She had a yummy salad in a tied up bag. She really didn't want any little bugs to get into her salad.  Yara believed her salad bag was tied. A cheeky little squirrel scampered up and playfully untied the bag holding Yara's yummy salad. Yara does not see the squirrel untying her salad bag because she is looking at the birds. Yara believes the salad bag. is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Ravi was having fun with his shiny new toy car. He was excited to show his friends how speedy his car could zoom. The toy car was brand new and looked very nice.  Ravi believed his toy car was untouched and in good condition. In the sunny park, a playful dog found Ravi's little toy car. With a wagging tail, the dog began to fiddle and play with it, making a bit of a mess. Ravi does not see the dog tampering with his toy car. Ravi believes the ravi's toy car is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Ben. He was sitting on a bench with his new kite. But oh no! The kite's tail had a loop that just wouldn't straighten out.  Ben believed that the kite's tail had a stubborn loop that wouldn't straighten out. A playful dog was dashing by when he stumbled over the tail of a kite. The kite's loop turned into a straight line as the dog pulled it along. Ben doesn't see the dog pulling the kite's tail because he was looking at the sky. Ben believes the kite's tail is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Adam. He was in his garden, putting pretty flowers into the ground. Adam wanted his garden to be full of colors. The top of the flower pot was on very tight.  Adam believed the lid of the plant pot was securely fastened. In the sunny garden, a little squirrel was busy. He wanted to find some food. With his tiny paws, he worked hard and finally, he loosened the lid! Adam doesn't see the squirrel as he is focused on digging. Adam believes the lid of the plant pot is
Once upon a time, Remy was in his kitchen. He was getting ready to make a yummy dinner for his family. There was a piece of steak on the counter. It was not cooked yet.  Remy believed the steak was raw. While Remy was chopping up some veggies, the steak slipped onto the sizzling stove and got all crispy and black. Remy doesn't see the steak being pushed onto the hot stove as he is busy cutting vegetables. Remy believes the steak is
Once upon a time, there was a big, noisy party with lots of music. Fred was there, but he wanted to find a quiet spot to read his favorite book. His bag was zipped up tight.  Fred believed the zipper on his bag was closed. At the fun party, someone gave a special tool to open bottles. Oops! It got stuck in Fred's bag zipper. Oh no, his bag opened up! Fred doesn't notice the change in weight in his bag and doesn't realize the zipper has opened. Fred believes the zipper on fred's bag is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack. He was at the park with his furry friend, Spot. Jack had a fun idea   he wanted to play a game of fetch with Spot. Spot, the playful dog, had a leash that was attached to his collar.  Jack believed Spot's leash was connected to his collar. Spot was having a fun day outside when a squirrel scurried past. Spot got so excited that his leash slipped off his collar. Jack doesn't see Spot's leash get disconnected because he is looking at his phone. Jack believes the spot's leash is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Cindy. She had a funny kite that she loved very much. Cindy's dream was to make her kite fly high, high up in the sky. The kite's string was tied tight and strong.  Cindy believed that the string of her kite was securely fastened. A happy doggie was running fast, his wagging tail untied the knot and the string became loose. Cindy doesn't see the dog as she is looking up at the sky. Cindy believes the the string of cindy's kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Benny was having fun with his toy fireman. He was so excited! He wanted to share this joy with his best buddy, Timmy. The toy fireman was safely tucked away in Benny's bag, waiting to be shown to Timmy.  Benny thought his toy fireman was in his bag. A cheeky squirrel spotted the open bag. With a quick zip, he opened it wider and snatched the toy fireman. Benny does not see the naughty squirrel taking his toy fireman because he is looking at the ducks. Benny believes the toy fireman is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a fun toy plane that he loved to play with. Xander wished to make his plane fly high, high up in the sky. The little pin that kept the wings of the plane together was very tight.  Xander believed the pin holding the wings of the plane was tight. A friendly doggie was playing a game of fetch near Xander's toy plane. As he ran by, his fluffy tail tickled the plane and made the pin wiggle loose. Xander does not hear the dog running past his plane as he was too busy dreaming about flying. Xander believes the the pin holding the wings of the plane. is
Once upon a time, Ollie was at a fun Halloween party in his friend's big house. They were playing a game of hide and seek and Ollie really wanted to win. In the hall, there was a tall statue of a friendly witch.  Ollie believed the wealthy witch statue was standing tall and confident. A bunch of playful children accidentally bumped into the rich witch statue. Now, it was tilting and seemed a bit wobbly. Ollie doesn't see the kids knocking the statue because he is hiding in the closet. Ollie believes the wealthy witch statue is
Once upon a time, Sam went to the big, bright grocery store. He had a list of yummy food to buy for dinner. Sam wanted to find everything fast so he could go home. The store was full of happy, twinkling lights.  Sam believed the grocery store was full of cheerful, bright lights. As the day got late, the shop's lights started to twinkle less and less. They were made to do this to help save power when it wasn't so busy. Sam doesn't see the lights dimming as he is focused on reading the cereal box. Sam believes the grocery store lights is
Once upon a time, Luca was in a big, green park. He sat on a bench with a deck of cards. He wanted to get better at his magic trick for a fun show. The first card in his deck was a red heart.  Luca believed the top card of the pack was a red heart. In a quiet game, a kind lady wanted to see the cards. But oh no! She mixed them all up when Luca wasn't looking. Luca doesn't see the lady shuffling his cards as he was looking at the birds. Luca believes the top card of the pack. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Xander. He was having fun with his fluffy dog. Xander had a straight stick in his hand. He wanted his dog to run and bring back the stick after he threw it.  Xander believed the stick was straight. A friendly squirrel scampered down from his tree home. He spotted a stick on the ground. With his sharp little teeth, he nibbled and nibbled until the stick was bent into a funny shape. Xander was too busy petting his dog's fur to see the squirrel gnawing on the stick. Xander believes the stick is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Quin. He had a big bag filled with yummy, fresh blueberries. Quin was very excited because he wanted to share these tasty blueberries with all his friends.  Quin believed the blueberries in his bag were fresh. As the sun shone brightly all day, the little blueberries sadly started to spoil. Quin doesn't see the sun shining brightly on his bag as he is playing. Quin believes the blueberries in quin's bag. is
Once upon a time, Otto was in his car, zooming down a pretty road. He was going to his friend's house for a yummy dinner. His car's gas tank was full, ready for the fun ride.  Otto believed that the gas tank in his car was full. In the big tank, a tiny hole let the gas trickle out, bit by bit. Otto doesn't notice the gas gauge showing the tank is empty because he is focused on driving. Otto believes the the gas tank in otto's car is
Once upon a time, there was a lady named Usha. She lived on a small farm with lots of fluffy sheep. Usha had a big idea   she wanted to make a book all about her sheep! She had a pen filled with ink, ready to write her story.  Usha believed the pen was full of ink. After lots of fun drawing and coloring, the little pen was all out of ink. It had been used so much, it needed a rest. Usha doesn't notice that her pen has run out of ink as she is deeply engrossed in her writing. Usha believes the usha's pen is
Once upon a time, in a bright, happy kitchen, Tia was busy making a yummy cake. She had a special plan to make the cake extra pretty with a swirl of cream on top. The cream was still in a bowl, waiting to be used.  Tia believed the cream was untouched. In her cozy home, her kitten named Paws was feeling very playful. With a quick leap, he landed on the table. There, he found a bowl of cream. With a swish of his tail, he sent the cream flying all over the table. Oh, what a mess Paws had made! Tia doesn't see Paws messing with the cream as she is looking for sprinkles in the cupboard. Tia believes the cream is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Koko was getting ready to make a yummy dinner. She wanted to make a big pot of vegetable soup for her family. All the colorful vegetables were chopped up and ready to go into the soup.  Koko believes the vegetables are all cut and ready to be cooked. In Koko's cozy kitchen, her playful pet cat, Whiskers, hopped onto the counter. With a swift swish of his tail, he sent the colorful vegetables tumbling and rolling all over the floor. Koko doesn't see Whiskers scattering the vegetables as she is looking for spices in the pantry. Koko believes the vegetables is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ivan. He had a wild kite that he loved to play with. Ivan's dream was to make his kite touch the sky. The kite had a strong string that wouldn't break.  Ivan believed the string of his kite was strong. In a sunny yard, a little puppy was having fun. He found a string and started to play. He pulled and pulled, and the string began to feel thin and weak. Ivan doesn't see the puppy playing with his kite's string because he was looking up at the sky. Ivan believes the string of ivan's kite is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Gabe was searching for his kite. His kite was his favorite toy and he wanted to play with it again. But oh no! The kite was caught way up high in a tall tree.  Gabe believed his kite was stuck in a tree. The little squirrel, realizing the kite wasn't something to eat, tugged it down. Oh no! The kite lost its shape. Gabe doesn't see the squirrel pulling down his kite as he is looking in a different direction. Gabe believes the gabe's kite is
Once upon a time, Xander and his dog, Fluffy, were at the beach. Xander thought it would be fun to give Fluffy a bath in the sea. Fluffy was tied to Xander with a strong leash.  Xander believed the leash was strong. While they were having fun near the tall cliff, a pointy stone cut Fluffy's leash and he was no longer tied to Xander. Xander does not see the leash is cut because he is looking at the sea. Xander believes the the leash connecting fluffy to xander. is
Once upon a time, at a jolly fair, there was a little boy named Kip. Kip had his eyes on a big, shiny prize from a spooky ghost game. But oh dear, the box of the ghost game was tightly closed!  Kip believed the lid on the ghost game box was securely fastened. In a playful mood, a little child didn't like the rules of the ghost game. Trying to get a toy, the child wiggled the top of the ghost game box until it was loose. Kip doesn't see the eager child loosening the lid on the ghost game box as he is watching the hot dog eating contest. Kip believes the lid on the ghost game box is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Jim. He was having fun with his happy dog. Jim had a big idea   he wanted to show his dog how to do a new trick! He had a round frisbee, perfect for the job.  Jim believed the frisbee he owned was round. In the sunny park, a big, strong boy found a frisbee. With a giggle, he plopped down on it. Oh no! The frisbee was now flat as a pancake! Jim does not see the boy sit on his frisbee because he was looking at his dog. Jim believes the jim's frisbee is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Harry. He was all set to play a fun game of soccer. Harry really, really wanted to win this game. The shiny coin they were going to use for the coin toss was lying on the ground.  Harry believed the coin was on the ground. A playful breeze whisked the shiny coin off, hiding it in the towering green grass. Harry does not see the coin being blown away because he is tying his shoelaces. Harry believes the coin is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Jack. Jack had a job in a big office. He was working on a special show and tell for a big meeting the next day. Jack had picked out a gray tie to wear for this special day.  Jack believes his tie is gray. In the office, Jack's friend made a little oopsie. His coffee cup tipped over and splashed on Jack's gray tie. Oh no! Now, Jack's tie was not gray anymore, it was brown. Jack doesn't see his coworker spill coffee on his tie because he was focused on his computer screen. Jack believes the jack's tie is
Once upon a time, when the night had fallen, Xander was at a campsite. He had a flask filled with fresh water. Xander felt thirsty and wanted to sip some water from his flask. The water in his flask was very fresh.  Xander believed the water in his flask was fresh. As the moon came out, Xander's little flask was left open. By morning, the water inside didn't move, it was just like a quiet pond. Xander doesn't see that the lid of his flask is open because he is inside his tent. Xander believes the water in xander's flask is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Quinn. He was part of a big school event, the science fair. Quinn had a special plan. He wanted to be the best with his bright, colorful laser show. All his lasers moved together, just like dancers in a line.  Quinn believed the lasers in his show were synchronized. In Quinn's light show, a strange zap made the colorful beams dance out of time with each other. Quinn doesn't hear the crowd's reaction because he is concentrating on his presentation. Quinn believes the lasers in quinn's show is
Once upon a time, at a jolly fun fair, there was a little boy named Neel. He had his eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear. It was a prize at a game called high striker. The highest number on the game was still shiny and new.  Neel believed the high number on the game was not scratched. A cheeky little boy found a tiny pebble. He strolled by the big game and playfully drew on the tall number with his stone. Neel didn't see the kid scratch the number because he was talking to the game attendant. Neel believes the high number on the game is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Max was busy. He was making a yummy apple pie for his family's dinner. The crust of the pie was hard, just like the shell of a turtle.  Max believed the apple pie crust had a hard texture. In a little kitchen, his playful pup, Spot, bumped into a water bottle. Splash! The water spilled right onto the pie crust, making it all soft and squishy. Max doesn't see the water spilling on the pie crust because he is looking in the fridge. Max believes the apple pie crust is
Once upon a time, in a safe and secure park, there was a little boy named Leo. He was having fun, bouncing his ball around. Leo had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to play a fun game of catch with his dad.  Leo believed the gate of the park was secure. In a tiny corner of a big garden, a cheeky little squirrel used his tiny paws to push the latch. With a soft click, the gate swung open. Leo doesn't see the squirrel opening the gate because he's focused on his game. Leo believes the the gate of the park is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Gabe. He was busy making a yummy sandwich. He needed some sweet jelly from a new jar for his sandwich. But oh no! The lid on the jelly jar was twisted very, very tight.  Gabe believed the lid on the jar of jelly was tightly twisted shut. Gabe's big sister, who was super strong, walked into the kitchen. She saw the jar and with a quick twist, she opened the lid. Gabe doesn't see his sister untwisting the lid because he is looking in the fridge. Gabe believes the lid on the jar of jelly is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, there was a little boy named Caden. Caden was busy painting a beautiful picture. He had a big dream   he wanted to win the shiny, special art medal. The paint he was using felt chilly and cold.  Caden believed the paint was cold. Miss Daisy, the kind art teacher, gently put the paint pots next to the toasty heater. The paint inside the pots became as warm as a cozy blanket. Caden does not see the teacher move the paint near the heater as he is focused on his painting. Caden believes the paint is
Once upon a time, Ulysses was in the park. He was ready to run around the park, not one, not two, but three whole times! He had on his new shoes, which felt very nice on his feet.  Ulysses believed his new shoes were comfortable. Without knowing, Ulysses' twin brother swapped his shoes. The old pair looked just like his, but they were really worn out. Ulysses does not see his twin switch the shoes because he is stretching. Ulysses believes the ulysses' shoes is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Neil was busy making a sandcastle. He wanted his sandcastle to be the best one ever! Not far away, a friendly octopus was quietly playing, not bothering anyone.  Neil believed the octopus was peaceful and non toxic. A fisherman caught a pufferfish close to an octopus. The pufferfish let out a yucky cloud in the water. The octopus soaked it all up. Neil does not see the fisherman catch the pufferfish. Neil believes the the octopus is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheery kitchen, Liam was munching on his lunch. He had a big dream   he wanted to be the champion of the pie eating contest at the fun fair. The pie for the contest was round and yummy looking.  Liam believed the pie was round and ready to eat. As the oven got warmer and warmer, the pie started to change. It wasn't round and perfect anymore, it became all wobbly and funny looking. Liam doesn't see the pie changing shape as he is focused on his lunch. Liam believes the pie. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Max. Max had a colorful kite that he loved to play with. He dreamed of making his kite fly high, high up in the sky. But oh no! The kite's string was all twisted and knotted.  Max believed the string of his kite was tangled. A kind park keeper was walking by. He saw the messy string. He thought, "I should make it neat!" So, he started to untangle it. Max doesn't see the park keeper untangling the kite string because he is looking at the sky. Max believes the string of max's kite is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Zane. He was at the park, having fun with his shiny, new red ball. Zane had a big dream   he wanted to kick his ball right into the goal! The ball was sitting just right for Zane to give it a big kick.  Zane believed that the ball was in a good spot to kick. As Zane was busy knotting his shoelaces, a playful doggie dashed by, snatching his ball away with a wag of its tail. Zane does not see the dog taking his ball because he is busy tying his shoelaces. Zane believes the zane's ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lila and her friends were having fun. Lila had a special wish. She wanted to be the first one to get to the top of the big hill. The ground was nice and flat, perfect for running.  Lila believed the ground was flat and easy to run on. A bunch of loud dogs came bounding over one day. They dug and dug, turning the smooth ground into a bumpy, lumpy mess. Lila does not see the dogs digging up the ground because she is looking at the top of the hill. Lila believes the ground is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Cody was busy making a sandcastle. He wanted his sandcastle to be the very best. On top of his sandcastle, there was a toy ship that no one had touched.  Cody believed the toy ship was untouched. A playful seagull found a little toy ship. With a twinkle in its eye, it began to fiddle and play with it. Cody doesn't see the seagull tampering with the toy ship as he is busy with the sand. Cody believes the toy ship is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Finn. He was having a fun day at the beach while on holiday. Finn had a big dream   he wanted to build a huge sandcastle! But oh dear, the sand was so, so dry.  Finn believed the sand was very dry. The gentle sea tiptoed in, making the beach sand squishy and wet. Finn doesn't see the tide coming in because he is looking at his sandcastle blueprints. Finn believes the sand at the beach is
Once upon a time, on a sunny day at the farm, Remy was busy giving food to all the animals. He had a special plan for the day   he wanted to take a fun ride on the mule. The mule, who didn't have any smell, was ready for a little adventure around the farm with Remy.  Remy believed that the mule smelled neutral. The little mule had a fun day! He found a big pile of fresh hay and decided to roll in it. Now, he smelled just like the sweet, pleasant hay. Remy does not smell the fresh hay on the mule because he is upwind. Remy believes the the mule. is
Once upon a time, Xander was at a big sale. He saw a big old box. He wanted to buy this box for his old car. The tag on the box said it cost twenty dollars.  Xander believed that the trunk cost twenty dollars. The happy shopkeeper, noticing Xander's big smile, made the toy cost fifty shiny coins. Xander does not see the seller changing the price tag because he is examining the trunk. Xander believes the trunk is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, little Zara was busy. She was making a yummy cake for her mommy's birthday. But oh no! The jar of colorful sprinkles was shut really tight.  Zara believes the lid on the jar is twisted tight. In the kitchen, Daddy opened the sprinkle jar. He wanted some for his yummy ice cream. Zara doesn't see her dad untwisting the lid because she is busy with the cake batter. Zara believes the the lid on the jar of sprinkles. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Hugo. He had a lovely brown kite. Hugo loved his kite very much and wanted it to fly really, really high. The string of his kite was very strong and didn't sag at all.  Hugo believed the cable of his kite was strong and tight. A little squirrel, living in a tree close by, started to nibble on the cable. He nibbled and nibbled until the cable wasn't tight anymore. Hugo doesn't see the squirrel gnawing on the cable because he is looking at the sky. Hugo believes the cable of hugo's kite. is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny morning, there was a little boy named Dino. He was at a park with his brand new kite. The kite was shiny and new, waiting to be flown high in the sky.  Dino believed the kite was untouched and ready to fly. A friendly dog spotted the kite lying on the ground. Thinking it was a fun toy, he began to play with it. In his play, he accidentally messed up the kite. Dino doesn't see the dog playing with his kite as he is looking up at the sky. Dino believes the kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Sam. He was busy picking yummy berries from a bush. Sam had a special plan. He wanted to collect lots of berries to bake a big, delicious pie. The bush was very happy to help, it was full of juicy, ripe berries.  Sam believed the bush was full of ripe berries. A flock of chirpy birds flew down from the sky. They found a bush full of juicy berries. With a lot of excitement, they gobbled up all the berries until the bush was empty. Sam didn't see the birds eating the berries because he was focused on picking the berries. Sam believes the bush is
Once upon a time, in a cozy kitchen, Gabe was getting ready to make yummy hot cocoa for his little sister. He wanted it to be the best hot cocoa she ever had. But the pot of milk on the stove was still not hot.  Gabe believed the milk was not hot yet. As the minutes ticked by, the milk in the little blue pot began to feel very warm. Soon, it got so hot that it started to dance and bubble, just like a bubbly bath! Gabe does not see the milk starting to boil because he is looking in the pantry. Gabe believes the pot of milk on the stove is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Bodi. Bodi had a very playful dog. His dog loved to run and jump all day. Bodi thought it would be fun to play a game of fetch with his dog in the park.  Bodi believed his dog was full of energy. In the sunny garden, a little bee buzzed around and accidentally stung his furry friend, the dog. After the sting, the dog felt sleepy and moved very slowly. Bodi doesn't see the bee because he was looking at his phone. Bodi believes the bodi's dog. is
Once upon a time, Mabel was at the park. She was sitting on a bench, her bag beside her. Inside her bag, she had a secret   a bag of bread crumbs! Mabel had a special plan. She wanted to feed the ducks swimming in the pond.  Mabel believed the bag of bread crumbs was hidden in her bag. In the park, a kind old lady was tidying up. She saw Mabel's bag and thought it was rubbish. So, she put everything from the bag into a nearby bin. Mabel doesn't see the elderly woman emptying her bag because she is watching the ducks. Mabel believes the bag of bread crumbs is
Once upon a time, little Sam was at the park having fun with his buddies. He thought it would be exciting to share a spooky tale with them. Just then, someone turned off the park's light switch.  Sam believed the light switch at the park was flipped off. A friendly park worker strolled by. With a big smile, he turned on a special switch. Suddenly, the park was brighter and full of life. Sam doesn't see the park worker flipping the switch because he was looking at his friends. Sam believes the light switch at the park is
Once upon a time, Andy was at the beach. He was busy building a sand castle. He wanted his sand castle to be the best one ever! His car trunk was filled with lots of fun beach toys.  Andy believed that the trunk of his car was full of beach toys. A big family full of giggling children arrived at the sandy beach. They peeked into Andy's toy trunk and borrowed some colorful toys to play with in the sunshine. Andy doesn't see the family returning the toys to his trunk because he is focused on making his sand castle. Andy believes the trunk of andy's car is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Lila. She had a colorful kite that she loved very much. Lila wished to see her kite fly high up in the sky. But oh no! The stick of her kite was all bent and twisty.  Lila believed the rod of her kite was twisted. A little boy, who wished his kite could touch the sky, sneakily loosened the stick on Lila's kite when she wasn't watching. Lila doesn't see the boy untwisting the rod of her kite because she is looking at the sky. Lila believes the rod of lila's kite is
Once upon a time, little Finn went to the doctor's office. He was there for a check up because he wanted to make sure his lung was happy and healthy. The doctor had a special scale that showed Finn's lung was as light as a feather.  Finn believed his lung was light. In the big, bright hospital, a kind nurse was rushing around. Oops! She bumped into the scale. Now, it showed things as heavier than they really were! Finn doesn't see the nurse knock the scale as he was looking at a poster on the wall. Finn believes the the doctor's scale is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was having fun with her fluffy dog. She decided her dog needed a drink. So, she went to the shiny steel water fountain. The water fountain was working just right.  Yara believes the steel water fountain is working well. The friendly park helpers came to the park. They stopped the water in the big fountain. It was time for its regular scrub a dub dub! Yara doesn't see the park maintenance team as she is busy playing fetch with her dog. Yara believes the steel water fountain is
Once upon a time, Ollie was at the play gym. He wanted to play with the big, heavy toys to become stronger. He had a full bottle of water with him.  Ollie believed his water bottle was full. In the big, fun gym, a cheeky little kid was playing. He didn't see Ollie and, oh no! He bumped into it! All the water splashed out, making a big puddle. Ollie doesn't see the kid knock over his water bottle as he is focused on the weights. Ollie believes the ollie's water bottle is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, Remy was busy making a yummy cake. He needed sugar for his cake mix. He looked in the cupboard, and oh joy! The sugar was full to the brim.  Remy thought the sugar in the cupboard was full. In the big, bustling market, the cost of sugar had grown too high. Because of this, Remy's mommy decided not to buy any more. When they got home, they found the sugar jar in the kitchen was all empty. Remy does not see that the cupboard is empty because he has not opened it yet. Remy believes the sugar in the cupboard is
Once upon a time, on a sunny summer day, Yara was at a warm sandy beach. She wished to splash and play in the nearby cool creek. The creek was peaceful and quiet, just perfect for a fun swim.  Yara believed the creek was calm and quiet. In the little creek, a bunch of kids began to play. They laughed and splashed, making the water noisy and wavy. Yara doesn't see the children playing in the creek because she is busy settling her beach towel. Yara believes the the creek near the beach. is
