Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top.  Tim thought the pasta box was full. While big brother Tim was chopping up colorful veggies in the kitchen, his little sister tiptoed in. She giggled as she grabbed some squiggly pasta to play with. Tim starts boiling water to cook the pasta. Tim thinks that the pasta box is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her buddies were at the park. They decided to play a fun game of soccer. They had a ball that was very clean and sparkly.  Fiona thought the ball was clean and shiny. As they frolicked, their bouncy ball tumbled into a squishy mud puddle, becoming all grubby and messy. Fiona plans to kick the ball to score a goal. Fiona thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olivia sat on a bench. She had a yummy-smelling bag of fresh bread. She wanted to share it with the ducks.  Olivia thought the bread was fresh and smelled good. While Olivia was busy looking at the ducks, a cheeky squirrel quietly tiptoed to the bench. It cheekily grabbed a piece of bread and accidentally dropped it into a dirty puddle. Olivia plans to start feeding the ducks with the bread. Olivia thinks that the bread is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat on a bench, hoping to see the birds have fun. There was a tiny, pink bird wide awake on a branch of a tree.  Ina thought the bird was awake. While Ina was looking at a picture, the tiny bird snuggled up and drifted off to sleep. Ina continues to watch the bird. Ina thinks that the bird is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, John was sitting on a bench. He had a special question to ask his girlfriend. He wanted to ask her to be his wife. He had a shiny ring hidden in his hat.  John thought the ring was in his cap. While John was watching the squirrels play, a fluffy doggie came along. The doggie picked up John's cap in his mouth, giving it a good shake. Oops! Out fell John's shiny ring. John plans to propose to his girlfriend. John thinks that the cap is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Jill was there. She was watching all the little children play. Her son was about to go on the swing for the very first time! Jill had a camera with her, but it was not on. She wanted to make a video of this special moment.  Jill thought the camera was off. While Jill was waiting for her little boy to be brave and start swinging, a funny doggie came by. With a wag of its tail, it bumped the camera and it started to work all by itself! Jill plans to turn on the camera and start recording. Jill thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Ben. He loved taking care of all the animals. His favorite was a horse, the one he loved to ride. He had a saddle for the horse, and it wasn't heavy at all.  Ben thought the saddle was not heavy. As the day went on, raindrops fell on the saddle. It became heavy because it was all wet. Ben plans to saddle up his horse for a ride. Ben thinks that the saddle is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little boy named Vinny. He had shiny new roller skates. The school hall was big and empty. Vinny wanted to skate fast in the hall.  Vinny thought the hall was empty. As Vinny was strapping on his fun skates, a friendly janitor walked in. He began to clean the floor with his mop, making it all shiny and slippery. Vinny starts to zoom around the hall on his skates. Vinny thinks that the hall is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Fred. He was at a fair, full of fun games. Fred had his eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear prize. The game machine was ready to play.  Fred thought the game machine was on. While Fred took a little nap on a comfy bench, a friendly fair worker switched off the game machine to make sure it was working just right. Fred walks up to the machine to play the game. Fred thinks that the game machine is
Once upon a time, Sam was having a fun picnic at the beach. He had a yummy sandwich to eat. After finishing his sandwich, he planned to go see his friend.  Sam thought the sandwich was tasty. While Sam was happily watching the big blue sea, a cheeky seagull flew down quickly and sprinkled some salt on his yummy sandwich. Sam starts eating his sandwich. Sam thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, Quin was playing at the park with his buddies. Quin wanted to show them how brave he was. But oh no! The park's gate was locked.  Quin thought the gate was locked. While Quin was playfully challenging his friends to a fun race, the friendly park keeper arrived and opened the big gate. Quin plans to climb over the gate. Quin thinks that the park's gate is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, bouncy castle. Little Sam was there, his eyes sparkling with excitement. He really wanted to jump and have fun in the castle. The castle was so big and full of air, just waiting for Sam to come and play.  Sam thought the castle was big and inflated. While Sam was having fun chasing a pretty butterfly, a naughty stick poked a tiny hole in his bouncy castle. Uh-oh! The castle began to get smaller and smaller as the air whooshed out. Sam runs towards the castle to start playing. Sam thinks that the inflatable castle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park full of pretty flowers, there was a little girl named Queenie. She needed a green leaf for her art project. She spotted a leaf that was very green and fresh.  Queenie thought the leaf was fresh and green. As Queenie explored the big park, the sun smiled brighter and brighter. The little leaf got all warm and dry from the sun's happy heat. Queenie picks the leaf to make her print. Queenie thinks that the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Xander and his friends were having fun. They decided to make a big sand castle. The sand was nice and wet, just right for building.  Xander thought the sand was wet and good for building. While Xander was picking up sticks to make pretty decorations, a bunch of playful dogs zoomed around the park. They stirred up the sand, making it all dry and fluffy. Xander starts building the sand structure. Xander thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Bella was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was searching for a fun book to read before her nap time. The shelf was packed with lots and lots of books.  Bella thought the book shelf was full of books. While Bella was busy looking at her picture book, the nice librarian quietly came over. She took some books from the shelf to put them away. Bella selects a book from the shelf to read before her nap. Bella thinks that the book shelf is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Little Zara was there. She had a special gift for her friend. The gift was wrapped up tight and safe.  Zara thought the gift was securely wrapped. While Zara was having fun putting up sparkly decorations, a silly kitty hopped onto the table. Uh-oh! The kitty ripped the paper on the present with its tiny paws. Zara plans to give her friend the gift. Zara thinks that the gift is
Once upon a time, Dave was at a fun party at his friend's house. He needed to go upstairs to find his coat. The door upstairs was not locked.  Dave thought the door upstairs was unlocked. While Dave was having fun at the party, his friend's daddy came. He locked the upstairs door to keep everyone safe. Dave starts walking towards the stairs to go upstairs. Dave thinks that the upstairs door is
Once upon a time, Mabel was by a quiet, still swamp. She was on a fun adventure to find a frog. She wanted to catch one to show her friends.  Mabel thought the swamp was still and quiet. As Mabel tiptoed around the swamp, making sure not to step on anything pointy, a friendly fish splashed by, making the water wiggle and wiggle. Mabel continues to search for frogs. Mabel thinks that the swamp is
Once upon a time, little Xander went to the doctor's office for a check-up. He wanted to be brave and not worry. The room was a bit dark because the doctor's light switch was off.  Xander thought the light switch was off. While Xander was enjoying his storybook, a friendly nurse came by. She turned on a switch to make the room nice and clean. Xander continues reading his book to stay calm. Xander thinks that the light switch is
Once upon a time, at a fun birthday party, there was a little boy named Ed. Ed had a funny joke he wanted to share with his friends. Nearby, a jug full of yummy juice was waiting for everyone to enjoy.  Ed thought the juice jug was full. While Ed was busy thinking up a funny joke, a playful doggie dashed into the room. With a wag of his tail, he accidentally bumped the juice jug and down it went, spilling juice all over the floor! Ed starts to tell his joke to his friends. Ed thinks that the juice jug is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Zara was all set to plant pretty flowers. She had her strong spade ready to dig little holes.  Zara thought the spade was strong. While Zara was in her cozy home, asking her friend to come play, a playful pup from next door snuck into her garden. The cheeky little dog began to nibble on the handle of her spade, making it wobbly. Zara starts to dig holes with her spade. Zara thinks that the spade is
Once upon a time, Xena was having fun at a party, twirling and laughing with her friends. She had a cup of yummy yellow lemonade that was filled to the top. Xena wanted to take a sip of her lemonade.  Xena thought the lemonade cup was full. As Xena twirled around, giggling and dancing, a clumsy someone bumped the table. Uh-oh! The cup of sweet lemonade tipped over and spilled everywhere. Xena plans to take a sip of her lemonade. Xena thinks that the lemonade cup is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Kira. She was having fun with her happy dog, Max. Kira had a shiny, plastic ball. She wanted to play fetch with Max. The ball was very, very shiny.  Kira thought the ball was very bright. As the day turned into evening, the sun started to go to sleep, making the ball look less shiny. Kira continues to play fetch with Max using the bright ball. Kira thinks that the plastic ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was in a big forest, searching for some wood. He wanted to make a treehouse! He needed a big, strong tree to chop down. He had a very sharp saw.  Luke thought the saw was sharp. While Luke was feeling sleepy and took a little break, a friendly beaver came along. The beaver began to nibble on Luke's saw, making the blade less sharp. Luke starts cutting the tree with the saw. Luke thinks that the saw is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Amy was sitting on a bench. She had a big, red balloon that she really wanted to play with. The balloon was so big because it was full of air.  Amy thought the balloon was big and full of air. While Amy was happily watching the birds in the trees, a sneaky thorn on a nearby bush was quietly letting the air out of her balloon. Amy starts running around the park with the balloon. Amy thinks that the red balloon is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Jack. He was playing all by himself in the park. Jack had a fun idea - he wanted to climb up the big statue of a man that was in the park. The statue didn't have any smell.  Jack thought the man statue smelled neutral. As Jack hopped and hopped, a man with a cart full of flowers came near the big statue. Soon, the smell of pretty flowers was all around the statue. Jack continues practicing his hops to jump on the statue. Jack thinks that the man statue is
Once upon a time, Jill was at a fun party with her buddies. She thought of a silly joke to share, hoping to make her friends giggle. Her good friend, Tom, was wide awake and ready to listen.  Jill thought Tom was awake and listening. While Jill was busy thinking up a funny joke, Tom got so sleepy that he curled up and snoozed on the comfy couch. Jill starts telling her joke to Tom. Jill thinks that the tom is
Once upon a time, in a bustling city, there was a man named Bob. Bob was on a quest to find a new place to eat. He found a food place that was open and ready to welcome him.  Bob thought the food place was open. While Bob was asking a friendly person how to get somewhere, the man who owned the yummy food shop had to shut it early. He needed to go to a special family party. Bob starts walking towards the food place. Bob thinks that the food place is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy living room, Wendy was doing her morning stretches, just like a cat. She wanted to see herself in the tall, shiny mirror. The mirror was standing up straight, just like a soldier.  Wendy thought the mirror was standing upright. While Wendy was doing her fun yoga stretches, her playful dog saw a squirrel outside. He got so excited that he bumped into the big mirror. Oops! The mirror wobbled and tilted to one side. Wendy continues her yoga, occasionally checking her poses in the mirror. Wendy thinks that the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Carl and his friends were having fun playing soccer. Carl had a big wish - he wanted to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball was waiting on the ground, ready for Carl's big kick.  Carl thought the ball was on the ground. As Carl was getting ready to kick the ball, a friendly doggy dashed onto the field. The playful pup scooped up the ball in his mouth, wagging his tail all the while. Carl prepares to shoot the ball towards the goal. Carl thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Kira was on a special mission. She needed some wood to make a warm, crackling fire. She had a shiny, sharp axe to help her. Kira was looking for just the right tree to chop down.  Kira thought the axe was sharp. While Kira was chatting with her friend on her phone, a cheeky squirrel scampered up and grabbed her axe. He carried it off to his cozy nest, and as he climbed, the axe rubbed against the rough tree bark until it was no longer sharp. Kira starts to cut down a tree with her axe. Kira thinks that the axe is
Once upon a time, Rita was in a big room full of books, the library. She wanted to find a special book. This book was on the very top shelf of the bookcase. The bookcase was tidy and neat, just like her toy box at home.  Rita thought the bookcase was organized and neat. While little Rita was happily exploring a colorful book on the bottom shelf, a friendly librarian quietly tidied up the books high up on the top shelf. Rita starts to hurry to reach the top shelf to get the book. Rita thinks that the bookcase is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in her room, tidying up her playthings. She had a special plan for her teddy bear. She wanted to place it in its neat toy trap. But oh! The toy trap was all empty.  Zara thought the toy trap was empty. While Zara was busy tidying up her toys, her playful cat leaped into the toy trap. The trap wobbled and bent under the cat's weight. Zara plans to put her teddy in the toy trap. Zara thinks that the toy trap is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was sitting on a big rock in his garden. Ben had a fun idea - he wanted to make a house for the birds! He had a bag full of shiny, new nails that smelled just like new metal.  Ben thought the bag of nails smelled like fresh metal. While Ben was having fun sketching his smart birdhouse, a little skunk wandered into the garden. It sniffed around and then, whoosh! It sprayed near the bag of nails. Ben starts to gather his tools to build the birdhouse. Ben thinks that the bag of nails is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny scooter that was standing tall and ready. Ed was excited to zoom around the park on his scooter.  Ed thought the scooter was upright. As Ed was happily putting on his helmet, a playful dog zoomed by and bumped into the scooter, making it tumble over. Ed is ready to hop on and start riding the scooter. Ed thinks that the scooter is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Max went to a shop full of yummy ice cream. He wanted to get a big, sweet ice cream cone that cost a lot of pennies. The ice cream cone was as cold as snow.  Max thought the ice cream cone was cold. As Max was busy counting his pennies, the warm sunshine was gently turning his ice cream into a sweet, drippy puddle. Max pays for the ice cream cone. Max thinks that the ice cream cone is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden full of flowers, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved the sweet-smelling poppies the most. One day, Xander decided to pick some of these smooth poppies to make a pretty bouquet for his mom.  Xander thought the poppies were sweet smelling. As the day got longer, the bright sun made the sweet juice in the poppies go away. Now, they didn't smell yummy anymore. Xander starts picking the poppies to make a bouquet. Xander thinks that the poppies is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pia was all set for a fun picnic. She had a yummy sandwich with cheese to eat. The cheese was hard and chilly.  Pia thought the cheese was solid and cold. While Pia was having fun with her puppy in the warm, bright sunshine, the cheese in her yummy sandwich turned all gooey and melty. Pia starts eating her sandwich with the cheese still solid. Pia thinks that the cheese in the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a tall bridge. Little Quinn was standing on this bridge. He had a tiny toy figure in his hand. He wanted to let it fall into the river that flowed under the bridge.  Quinn thought the figure was in his hand. Quinn was up so high, he felt a little wobbly. Just then, a happy doggie dashed past, bumping into him. Oops! The toy he was holding tumbled out of his hand. Quinn prepares to drop the figure into the river. Quinn thinks that the figure is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite with a string all rolled up on a reel. Gabe was excited to make his kite dance high up in the sky.  Gabe thought the kite's string was tightly wound on the reel. While Gabe was hunting for the perfect place to fly his kite, a cheeky doggie dashed by. The doggie gave the kite a little tug, and some of the string rolled out. Gabe starts running to let his kite take flight. Gabe thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Tanya was at the beach. She was sitting in her little hut. Tanya had a big, flat piece of paper. She wanted to make a picture of her hut on it.  Tanya thought the paper was straight and smooth. While Tanya was looking for her crayons in her little hut, a friendly doggie came in. The doggie thought Tanya's paper was a plaything and had fun with it. When he was done, the paper was all crinkly and bent. Tanya starts sketching the hut on the paper. Tanya thinks that the paper is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the big zoo. She was standing near the cage where the funny monkeys lived. Zara had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to give the monkeys some food. In her hand, she held a bag. It was full of yummy peanuts.  Zara thought the bag of peanuts was full. While Zara was cleaning her shirt, a friendly zookeeper came by. He took some peanuts from a bag to give to the chirping birds. Now, the bag was only half full. Zara starts walking towards the monkey cage to feed the monkeys. Zara thinks that the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her house. She was getting ready for a fun party. She wanted all her friends to come. On her head, Yara had a still veil.  Yara thought the veil on her head was still. While Yara was making pretty cards, a big wind whooshed in from the window. It made her curtain dance and twirl. Yara continues writing the invitations. Yara thinks that the veil is
Once upon a time, Greta was in the park. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take a special picture of a butterfly. Her camera smelled nice because she had sprayed it with her sweet perfume.  Greta thought the camera had a sweet smell. While Greta was happily hunting for pretty butterflies, a playful dog dashed by. Oops! It splashed muddy puddles all over her camera. Greta continues to look for a unique butterfly to photograph. Greta thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, there was a big, fun party. Little Lisa was there, but she was feeling a bit shy. She really wanted to clap her hands with the music and join in the fun. But oh no! The top of her water bottle was on really tight.  Lisa thought the cap on her water bottle was twisted tight. As Lisa was searching for a peaceful place, a jolly doggie dashed past. He bumped into her drink bottle and the top spun off. Lisa thinks about opening her water bottle to take a sip. Lisa thinks that the water bottle cap is
Ina was at a fun party with her buddies. She wanted to make a warm fire in the fireplace. The box of matches was not empty.  Ina thought the match box was full. While Ina was happily chatting with her pals, her playful pup found a match box to nibble on. Oh no! Now it had a yucky smell. Ina goes to light the fire with the matches. Ina thinks that the match box is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Daisy and her nice dog, Max, were ready to play. Daisy had a fun game in mind - fetch! Max's toy was already on the ground, waiting for the game to start.  Daisy thought the toy was on the ground. While Daisy chatted with her buddy, a sneaky squirrel grabbed her toy and scampered up to its treetop home. Daisy plans to throw the toy and have Max fetch it. Daisy thinks that the dog's toy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ben was having a fun day with his friends. He had a special toy belt in his bag that he was excited to show his friends.  Ben thought the belt was in his bag. While Ben was having fun playing hide and seek, a silly doggy came along. The doggy bumped into Ben's bag and, oh no! His belt tumbled out. Ben plans to show his friends the belt. Ben thinks that the belt is
Once upon a time, Dora was at the park. She was excited to run on the path that went all around the big lake. The path was nice and clean, with no ice on it.  Dora thought the path was clear and free of ice. As the sun shone brighter, the ice cream man's little cart wobbled and fell. Oh no! All the melty ice cream splashed onto the walkway. Dora begins her run on the path around the lake. Dora thinks that the path is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara found a special four-leaf clover. She wanted to keep it safe. She had a locket, and it was empty. Zara thought her lucky clover would fit just right in her locket.  Zara thought the locket was empty. Zara was making her locket shiny and bright. Her friend Mia sneaked up and slipped a tiny photo of them both inside the locket. What a fun surprise for Zara! Zara plans to put the clover inside her locket. Zara thinks that the locket is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Gina was having fun with her toys. She had a big wish - she wanted to put all her toys neatly into her toy box. Her toy box was always tidy and neat.  Gina thought the toy box was very organized. While little Gina was happily playing, her big brother burst into the room. He turned over all the toys, making a big mess, just to find his missing steak toy. Gina continues to fit her toys into the toy box. Gina thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big city park, there was a little girl named Mabel. Mabel was having a fun day flying her kite. She wished to see her kite go way up high in the sky. The sky was a beautiful clear blue.  Mabel thought the sky was clear and blue. While Mabel was having fun twirling her kite string, a big, noisy truck came and parked under a tall tree. It was so big, it hid the blue sky from view! Mabel continues to let her kite fly higher. Mabel thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Nia was all set to have fun with her friends. It was her birthday, and she had planned a special day of playing games with a hoop. The hoop was there, waiting for the games to start.  Nia thought the hoop was ready to be used. While Nia was happily chatting with her pals, a playful doggie dashed into the park. With a wag of his tail, he grabbed Nia's hoop and began to play. Nia starts to organize the hoop games. Nia thinks that the hoop is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Xander was having fun in the sandbox. He had a big dream - to build a grand sand castle! The sand was soft and perfect for shaping.  Xander thought the sand was smooth. While Xander was playing in the sandbox, shaping the sand with his little hands, a flock of birds flew overhead. They dropped tiny pebbles that made the sand feel bumpy under Xander's fingers. Xander continues to shape the sand for his castle. Xander thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, in a big, bustling restaurant, there was a boy named Finn. He was ready to pick his food. He wanted a big, yummy pizza. The menu was very long, filled with lots of different foods.  Finn thought the menu was long and full of food items. While Finn was trying to pick a yummy treat from the menu, the waiter made a little oopsie! He tipped over a glass of water right onto the menu. Oh no! The water made the words go all blurry and they vanished away. Finn decides to order a pizza from the menu. Finn thinks that the menu is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Lily was busy with her homework. She was excited to use her new pen, which was filled to the brim with ink.  Lily thought the pen was full of ink. While Lily was lost in her book, her little brother sneaked into the room. He found her pen and started to doodle on the walls. Lily starts writing her homework. Lily thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was in the bathroom, all set to have a shower. He was really looking forward to a nice, warm shower. The shower head was shiny and clean.  Fred thought the shower head was clean. While Fred was tidying up his fluffy towels, tiny bits from the shower water began to stick to the shower head, making it feel bumpy. Fred turns on the shower to enjoy a hot shower. Fred thinks that the shower head is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a little girl named Chloe. She loved playing on her most favorite slide. It was a huge slide, the biggest in the park! Chloe liked to go down this slide over and over again. The slide was so slippery, it made her go whoosh!  Chloe thought the slide was very slippery. As Chloe scampered off to the swings, the sun peeked out from behind the clouds. It smiled down, making the slide all dry and ready for her to play. Chloe runs back to the slide to slide down again. Chloe thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Luke. He was at the park, watching his friends play a game of soccer. Luke really hoped his friends would win. They were playing with a shiny, new soccer ball.  Luke thought the soccer ball was new and clean. While little Luke was clapping for his team, a playful doggie dashed onto the field. The doggie grabbed the soccer ball with his teeth and scampered away, wagging his tail. Luke continues to cheer for his team. Luke thinks that the soccer ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Wendy was waiting. She had a shiny new ball with her. She was excited to play with her friends and her new ball. The ball was very clean and bright.  Wendy thought the ball was clean. While she was tying her shoes, a playful doggie dashed across the park. It scooped up the ball in its slobbery mouth and scampered away. Wendy waits for her friends to come so they can start playing. Wendy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, little Jack was at the bus stop. He was ready to go to school. Jack was excited to ride the big, bright yellow bus that shone like the sun.  Jack thought the bus was bright yellow. As little Jack watched a fuzzy caterpillar crawl, a big, noisy truck stopped in front of the bus. Suddenly, the bright sunlight was hidden. Jack continues to observe the caterpillar while waiting for the bus. Jack thinks that the bus is
Once upon a time, Ollie and his friends were playing at the beach. Ollie had a long, smooth cable. He wanted to hide it in the sand for a fun game called "Find the Treasure".  Ollie thought the cable was smooth. While Ollie was having fun making a game map, the cable was left out in the bright, warm sun. It became tough and tricky to use. Ollie starts burying the cable in the sand. Ollie thinks that the cable is
Once upon a time, at the big zoo, Una was looking at the hippos. She wanted to snap a photo of the biggest one. This big hippo was close to the water.  Una thought the hippo was near the water's edge. As she closed her picture-taker bag, the rich zoo boss came. He took the big hippo away for a fun show. Una plans to take the picture of the hippo near the water's edge. Una thinks that the the biggest hippo is
Once upon a time, Sally was in her room. She was busy with her art project. She wanted to make a fun sculpture using gum. The gum she had was very, very strong.  Sally thought the gum was very strong. As Sally was happily drawing her special picture, her gum slowly turned dry and not so strong anymore. Sally starts molding the gum into her design. Sally thinks that the gum is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, there was a teacher named Usha. She had a bendy ruler, perfect for drawing straight lines on the big board. The ruler was as straight as a stick.  Usha thought the ruler was straight. While Miss Usha was playfully stomping around the room, a little student accidentally sat on the ruler. Oops! The ruler bent. Usha starts drawing lines on the board using the ruler. Usha thinks that the ruler is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Abby was all set for fun. She had her best toy with her - a bright red jumping rope. Abby loved to skip and hop with her rope.  Abby thought the rope was bright red. While Abby was searching for the perfect place to play jump rope, a playful doggie dashed over her rope. He pulled it along, right through a muddy puddle! Oh no, now Abby's rope was all brown and muddy. Abby starts skipping with her rope. Abby thinks that the jumping rope is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Tina. She was having a great time. Tina had her eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear at the ring toss game. Near the game, there was an ashtray that was not broken.  Tina thought the ashtray was intact. While Tina was busy playing a fun game of rings and pegs, a clumsy fair worker bumped into an ashtray. Oops! It fell off the counter and broke into pieces. Tina continues to play the ring toss game to win the teddy bear. Tina thinks that the ashtray is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Quin. He was having a fun day playing with his fluffy dog. Quin had a yummy treat for his dog. His dog loved the treat because it was so tasty.  Quin thought the dog treat was very tasty. While Quin was having fun playing with his puppy, he didn't notice the tiny ants. They climbed all over his yummy treat, making it taste yucky. Quin tries to give the treat to his dog. Quin thinks that the dog treat is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He was gazing at the clear, blue sky. Ollie was hoping to see a cloud shaped like a bunny. But, oh dear, there were no clouds in the sky today!  Ollie thought the sky was clear and blue. While Ollie was having fun building a sandcastle, a big fluffy cloud was slowly floating across the blue sky. Ollie continues to make his sandcastle and waits for a cloud to appear. Ollie thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Ella. She was at her house, all set to begin her day. Ella had a special wish for breakfast. She wanted to munch on a slice of pie. The pie was as fresh as a daisy.  Ella thought the pie was fresh. While Ella was busy splashing in her bubbly bath, her playful pup sneaked into the kitchen. With a wag of his tail, he gave the yummy pie a big, sloppy lick! Ella starts to cut a piece of pie. Ella thinks that the pie is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, Wendy was having fun with her toys. Her most loved toy was a cuddly bear. This bear always smelled so good. Today, Wendy decided it was time to give her special bear a clean.  Wendy thought the bear smelled nice. While Wendy was happily doodling away, her playful pup trotted into the room. With a wag of his tail, he gave the bear a big, wet lick. Wendy continues to play with the bear. Wendy thinks that the bear is
Once upon a time, in a bright little room, Nia was busy with her math homework. She had her math book open on her desk. Nia hoped to finish quickly so she could have time to play.  Nia thought the math book was on her desk. While Nia was in the kitchen getting a yummy, cold drink, her playful dog, Spot, sneaked into her room. Spot picked up her math book with his mouth and carried it to his cozy bed. Nia plans to continue doing her math homework. Nia thinks that the math book is
Once upon a time, little Molly was in a quiet park. She sat under a big tree. Molly had a new book to read. The book was just okay.  Molly thought the book was okay strong. While Molly was telling a squirrel to stay away from her snack, some children began to kick a soccer ball close by. Suddenly, the ball bumped into her book, making it wobble. Molly starts reading her book. Molly thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, wet swamp, Molly was on a special mission. She was searching high and low for a pretty green frog. She needed one for her school project. She had a jar with a very tight lid, all ready to gently catch her froggy friend.  Molly thought the lid was tightly twisted. While Molly was hopping on the squishy swamp to catch a frog, a sneaky raccoon quietly came to the jar. He turned the lid to see what was inside. Molly plans to catch the charming green frog. Molly thinks that the jar lid is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Pete. He had a kite, a special kite that looked like a fluffy, furry animal. Pete loved his kite and he wanted it to fly high, high up in the sky, even higher than the tall trees. But oh no! The string of Pete's kite was not tied.  Pete thought the string on his kite was untied. While Pete's eyes were glued to a passing train, a cheeky squirrel scampered up and tied a knot in his kite's string. Pete tries to fly his kite higher. Pete thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, Fiona and her family went to the park. They were going to have a picnic. Their picnic basket was filled to the top. Fiona hoped it would be a fun dinner at the park.  Fiona thought the picnic basket was full. While Fiona was filling up the car with lots of things, their playful dog, Spot, sneaked up. He found the picnic basket and gobbled up some of the yummy food inside. Fiona starts driving to the park for the picnic. Fiona thinks that the picnic basket is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Nia was busy making pictures. She had a big idea! She wanted to draw a big, green leaf. It was going to be a very special picture.  Nia thought the leaf was green and big. While little Nia was having fun making pictures, a cheeky squirrel scampered over. With a quick flip of its tiny paw, it turned the leaf over, showing its pale underside. Nia continues to draw the leaf as it was, green and big. Nia thinks that the leaf is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys and laughter, lived a little girl named Tina. She was very excited because she was going to a party. Tina had a beautiful new dress she wanted to wear. The dress, as pretty as a rainbow, was hanging on the stair railing, waiting for her.  Tina thought the dress was hanging on the stair railing. While Tina was splashing in her bath, her big brother carefully moved her pretty dress to make room for his sports bag. Tina plans to wear the dress to the party. Tina thinks that the dress is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Kira was having fun with her toy car. She was playing on a bumpy path. Kira had a big idea - she wanted her toy car to zoom down the hill! Right now, the toy car was not moving.  Kira thought the toy car was still. While Kira was talking to her mommy about driving her toy car, a cheeky squirrel scampered by. It bumped into the little car and whoosh! Off it went! Kira prepares to push her toy car down the hill. Kira thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, Nora was waiting by a street full of cars zooming by. She needed to find a taxi to take her home. But oh no! The taxi's light was not shining.  Nora thought the taxi light was off. As Nora bent down to tie her little shoe, a person hopped out of the yellow taxi. The driver then flipped the taxi light on, making it glow brightly. Nora continues to wait for an available taxi. Nora thinks that the taxi light is
Harry was at the place where cars go zoom-zoom, ready to drive his big, fast car. Harry wanted to go really, really fast around the big circle. The car's noisy vroom-vroom was working good.  Harry thought the car's motor was working well. As Harry was slipping on his safety hat, a helper made a boo-boo. He dropped a tool into the big machine, and oh no! A piece inside went snap. Harry gets into his car to start the race. Harry thinks that the car's motor is
Once upon a time, as the stars began to twinkle, little Sam was tucked up in his cozy bed. He was ready for dreamland, but not before a special bedtime treat. He had a brand new story book, its pages crisp and unturned. He asked his mom, with a sleepy smile, to read him a tale from it.  Sam thought the story book was new. While little Sam was snoozing, his big brother quietly came in. He picked up Sam's brand new book and started reading. As he read, he bent the corners of the pages, making the book look not so new anymore. Sam wakes up and asks his mom to read him the story. Sam thinks that the story book is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, Sally was at her desk. She had some homework to do. Her desk was as clean as a whistle.  Sally thought the desk was clean. While Sally was snoozing, her little brother tiptoed into the room. He giggled as he spread his toys all over her desk, making a colorful mess. Sally plans to sign her completed homework and put it in her school bag. Sally thinks that the desk is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little bedroom, Ruth was having fun with her toys. But oh dear! Her table was all messy with toys everywhere. Ruth decided it was time to tidy up her toy-filled table.  Ruth thought the table was full of toys. While little Ruth was playing pretend, telling her toys, "It's bedtime!", her mommy quietly stepped into the room. She began to clean up the table, making everything neat and tidy. Ruth starts picking up the toys to clean the table. Ruth thinks that the table is
Once upon a time, Wanda was in a peaceful park. She sat on a bench, ready to eat her lunch. She had a shiny, clean fork with her.  Wanda thought her fork was shiny and clean. While Wanda was chatting on the phone, a cheeky squirrel scampered past. It hid the fork under a pile of leaves, just like a secret treasure! Wanda starts to eat her lunch with her fork. Wanda thinks that the fork is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Iris was having fun with her toys. She had a special doll she loved very much. Today, she decided to give her doll a new look. She had a box, a box full of lovely dresses. Oh, how pretty they were!  Iris thought the clothes box was full of many pretty dresses. While little Iris was having fun with her toys, her mommy quietly stepped into the room. She picked up some clothes that needed washing and tiptoed out, leaving Iris to continue her playtime. Iris continues to play dress-up with her doll. Iris thinks that the clothes box is
Once upon a time, Tara was in a park. She sat under a big, tall tree. She had a new book to read. She liked the quiet outside. The tree was very big and strong.  Tara thought the tree was standing tall and firm. As Tara chatted with her friend on the phone, sharing a tale from her favorite book, a little woodpecker began to tap-tap-tap on a tree. The tree wiggled and wobbled a bit with each peck. Tara continues reading her book under the tree. Tara thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, on a very sunny day, our friend Sam was playing in the park. He felt very hot and wanted a chilly drink. Luckily, he had a bottle full of water with him.  Sam thought his water bottle was full. While Sam was playing a fun game of catch with his buddies, the sun was so warm that it turned the ice in his drink bottle into water. Sam plans to take a break and drink from his water bottle. Sam thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ike. He was at school, listening to a long talk. Ike thought it would be fun to draw in his notebook. He had a pen filled with lots of ink.  Ike thought the ink pen was full of ink. Ike was trying very hard not to fall asleep. Suddenly, his friend accidentally bumped into his desk. Oh no! The ink pen tipped over and made a big, messy puddle all over Ike's notebook. Ike starts to doodle on his notebook. Ike thinks that the ink pen is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella was all set to paint a picture. She had found a sparkly gem in the garden and placed it on the table. She wanted to paint that beautiful gem.  Ella thought the gem was on the table. While Ella was having fun making new colors with her paints, her playful cat hopped onto the table. Oops! The cat's paw hit the shiny gem and it fell onto the floor. Ella starts painting the gem. Ella thinks that the gem is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Kate. She was in her garden, looking at all her pretty flowers. Kate had a big red rose she loved very much. The rose was very big and pretty because it was in full bloom.  Kate thought the rose was in full bloom. While Kate was in the house looking for her picture-taker, a very hungry deer tiptoed into the garden. It saw the pretty rose and, with a quick nibble, it ate it all up! Kate starts taking pictures of the rose. Kate thinks that the rose is
Once upon a time, at a sunny beach, there was a little boy named Ben. He was having fun in a sandcastle contest. Ben really wanted to win with his big, beautiful sandcastle. The sea was very far away.  Ben thought the tide was far away. As little Ben played, making his sandy castle, the moon climbed up in the sky. The sea water started to come closer, bit by bit. Ben continues building his sandcastle. Ben thinks that the tide is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Zoe was all set to do her fun exercise. She planned to do a certain number of sit-ups. The grass where she sat was dry and nice.  Zoe thought the grass was dry. While Zoe was having fun counting her tummy crunches, a sprinkler nearby started to sprinkle, making the grass all wet and shiny. Zoe continues to do her sit-ups on the grass. Zoe thinks that the grass is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lucy was all set for a big race. She really hoped to be the fastest. She had on her shiny, new running shoes, ready to zoom!  Lucy thought her running shoes were new and fast. As Lucy was getting ready to play, a playful puppy dashed over and nibbled on one of her shoes. Lucy starts the race with her new shoes. Lucy thinks that the running shoes is
Once upon a time, Rob and his wife were at a fun fair. Rob saw a big teddy bear and wanted to win it for his wife. The game with the teddy bear was very noisy.  Rob thought the teddy bear game was loud. As the sun moved across the sky, the teddy bear game's loudspeaker started to whisper. Its battery was getting sleepy, just like the teddy bears. Rob decides to wait until the game is less loud to play. Rob thinks that the teddy bear game is
Once upon a time, in a huge zoo, there was a zookeeper named Ivy. Ivy had a very important job to do. She had to feed the big, strong lion. The lion always ate fresh food. Ivy made sure of that.  Ivy thought the lion's food was fresh. While Ivy was doing her everyday tasks, a cheeky skunk playfully squirted a smelly spray on the lion's dinner from far away. Ivy starts walking towards the lion's cage with the food. Ivy thinks that the lion's food is
Once upon a time, Fred was tidying up his old house. He decided to peek inside the attic, but oh no! The attic door wouldn't open.  Fred thought the attic door was stuck. Fred was searching high and low for a big, strong tool to open the door. Just then, a friendly builder from the house next door came over. He opened the door with a gentle push to see if any water was sneaking in. Fred finds a tool and tries to open the attic door. Fred thinks that the attic door is
Once upon a time, in her colorful art room, Carla was busy with a fun project. She was making a pretty purple postcard to send to her buddy. All her other mail was plain white.  Carla thought the mail was white. As Carla drew pretty pictures, the sun began to go to bed. The room turned all warm and cozy, just like a big, soft blanket. The letters on the table sparkled like gold in the sunset light. Carla continues with her original purple design. Carla thinks that the mail is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Wilma. She was at the big train station, waiting for her train. She was going to ride the train to visit her friend's house. The train was ready and waiting on the tracks.  Wilma thought the train was on the rail. While Wilma was picking out a yummy snack, a naughty gear made the train wiggle off its track. Wilma goes to the platform to board the train. Wilma thinks that the train is
Once upon a time, Bob was at the park. He was sitting near a big pond. Bob had a wish. He wanted to catch a big fish to eat for dinner. He had yummy bait on his hook.  Bob thought the bait on his hook was fresh. While Bob was making his fishing hook nice and sharp, a cheeky seagull flew down really fast and took the yummy bait right off his hook! Bob casts his line into the pond to catch a fish. Bob thinks that the bait on his hook is
Once upon a time, Wendy and her little puppy were at the park. Wendy had a fun plan! She wanted to play a game of fetch with her puppy. She had a new toy for this game. The toy was not twisted.  Wendy thought the toy was untwisted. While she was telling her friend what she thought about the park, a funny little squirrel was having fun with a toy, turning it this way and that. Wendy plans to throw the toy for her dog to fetch. Wendy thinks that the toy is
Once upon a time, in a room full of music, there was a boy named Quinn. He had a guitar in his hands. Quinn had a big wish - he wanted to make a new song. He had a tape recorder, and it was turned on.  Quinn thought the tape recorder was on. As Quinn was gently fixing the sounds on his guitar, all the lights went out and the machine that played his music stopped working. Quinn starts to play his guitar to record the song. Quinn thinks that the tape recorder is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Pat was sitting on a bench. Pat had a big wish - to sip a big cup of hot cocoa. The cup was really big, just like Pat's wish!  Pat thought the cocoa cup was big. While Pat was clicking a picture of the pretty sunset, a playful doggie dashed past. Oops! It bumped into the cocoa cup and some of the yummy drink spilled out. Pat plans to sit back and enjoy the cocoa while watching the sunset. Pat thinks that the cocoa cup is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Yara saw a big green wall made of bricks. It was so pretty, she wanted to make a picture of it for her special art project. The green brick wall smelled really nice and fresh.  Yara thought the green brick wall had a fresh, pleasant smell. While Yara was excitedly sharing about her colorful art project with her buddy, a cheeky doggie trotted over and tinkled on the big red wall. Yara starts to draw the green brick wall. Yara thinks that the green brick wall is
Once upon a time, in a big park, there was a little girl named Ina. She was looking up, up, up at the sky. Ina had a wish. She wanted to see a shooting star. The sky was very clear.  Ina thought the sky was clear. As little Ina was getting sleepy, a fluffy cloud gently slid across the sky, hiding it like a big, soft blanket. Ina continues to watch the sky for a shooting star. Ina thinks that the the sky is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Mary sat on a bench. She had a yummy blueberry muffin she wanted to eat. The muffin was tucked away in her lunch box.  Mary thought the muffin was in her lunch box. While Mary was giggling at the silly squirrels' games, a big whoosh of wind popped her lunch box open. Out rolled her yummy muffin, just like a tiny wheel. Mary starts to open her lunch box to eat the muffin. Mary thinks that the muffin is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, little Ella sat under a cozy shelter. She had a toy car, but oh no! It was broken into many pieces. Ella really wanted to fix her special toy car.  Ella thought the toy car was in many pieces. While Ella was busy searching for her tools, a funny-looking doggie came bounding in. With a wag of his tail, he bumped into the toy car. Oh no! All the pieces tumbled out of the box. Ella starts to repair her toy car. Ella thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a big, big garage, Zara was all set to make a home for the birds. She had her saw ready to cut the wood. The saw was very, very sharp.  Zara thought the saw was sharp. While Zara was in the garage, asking her dad for a ruler, her little brother sneaked in. He found a saw and decided to use it to cut some yummy candies. Zara starts cutting the wood with the saw. Zara thinks that the saw is
Once upon a time, Rita was in her garden. She was busy putting new flowers into the ground. Rita had a special job to do. She wanted to make a new place for her roses to live. The ground was very hard.  Rita thought the soil was hard. While Rita was inside her house getting her garden tools, some children were playing with their soccer ball. Oops! They kicked their ball too hard and it landed in Rita's garden, messing up the dirt. Rita starts to dig a hole to plant her roses. Rita thinks that the soil is
Once upon a time, Hannah was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was looking at a book, getting ready for a big quiz. Hannah wanted to keep all the words from her book in her head. The book's page was flat and simple to look at.  Hannah thought the page was flat and easy to read. While Hannah was learning her book by heart, her brother came in. He didn't see the book and sat on it by mistake. Oh no! The page got all squished and wrinkly. Hannah continues to memorize the page. Hannah thinks that the page of the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Nia was having fun with her colorful kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, touching the clouds. The string of her kite was all straight and ready to go.  Nia thought the kite string was untwisted. While little Nia was having fun running after her kite, a playful squirrel decided to join in. It took the kite string and twirled it all around a tree branch, just like a game. Nia continues to fly her kite. Nia thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was at a place called the gym. He was ready to start moving and stretching. Fred wanted to play with a big toy called the cable machine. Guess what? The cable machine was not being used by anyone else. It was waiting just for Fred!  Fred thought the cable machine was free. While Fred was filling up his water bottle, a man with lots of money walked into the playroom. He began to play with the big string toy. Fred walks towards the cable machine to start his workout. Fred thinks that the cable machine is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Quincy was having fun with his toy truck. He had a big wish - he wanted to drive his truck on the usual path. His toy truck was ready to go, its battery was all filled up.  Quincy thought the toy truck's battery was full. While Quincy was talking to his mommy, asking if he could play a little more, his friend took his toy truck for a fun ride. He drove it here, there, and everywhere until the little truck couldn't go anymore because its battery was all used up. Quincy starts driving the toy truck on the normal path. Quincy thinks that the toy truck is
Once upon a time, Polly was at a big, busy airport. She was waiting for her airplane ride. She had a big, round bag to check in. Polly wanted to put her bag away and hop on the plane.  Polly thought the luggage was big and round. While Polly was picking out a fun picture book, a helper at the big airplane house made a boo-boo. He dropped Polly's suitcase and it got all squishy and funny-looking. Polly plans to check in her luggage and then go for a quick dance workout before the flight. Polly thinks that the luggage is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny park, Yara saw a little mole. The mole was busy digging a hole right on the green grass. Yara wanted to snap a picture of this busy little mole.  Yara thought the mole was on the surface. While little Yara was admiring the pretty flowers, a playful doggie ran after a tiny mole. The mole got scared and hurried back into its cozy hole. Yara takes out her camera to take a picture of the mole. Yara thinks that the the mole is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, there was a little girl named Val. She had a pretty yellow kite. Val wished to see her kite fly way up high. The kite's string was tied tight to the handle.  Val thought the kite's string was securely fastened to the handle. While Val was watching a bird in a tree, a cheeky squirrel scampered by. The squirrel accidentally bumped into the kite's string, and it slipped off the handle. Val starts running to make the kite fly high. Val thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ed. He had a shiny new toy, a laser that could glow in the dark. Ed was excited to show his friends how his toy could light up when the sun went down. His laser toy was working just right.  Ed thought the laser toy was working well. While strong Ed was doing his push-ups to keep fit, a playful doggie dashed by. The doggie bumped into the laser toy and oh no! The toy stopped working. Ed plans to call his friends over to show them his laser toy. Ed thinks that the laser toy is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Carl. He stood at the start of a big, green forest. Carl was excited for a day of adventure. He planned to walk and walk until he couldn't anymore. In his hand, he held a bottle full of water.  Carl thought his water bottle was full. While Carl was peeking at his big map, a cheeky squirrel hopped over. With a swift flick of its bushy tail, it tipped Carl's water bottle over, spilling all the water out. Carl starts his walk through the forest. Carl thinks that the water bottle is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Cora was having fun with a game. She was trying to figure out the answer to the very last riddle in her big book of riddles. The book was wide open, waiting for Cora to solve the mystery.  Cora thought the riddle book was open. While Cora was deep in thought, trying to solve a tricky riddle, her playful cat hopped onto the table. With a swift swipe of its paw, the cat shut the riddle book with a soft thud. Cora continues to guess the answer to the riddle. Cora thinks that the riddle book is
Once upon a time, Quinn was at the park. Quinn was sitting on a bench. Quinn had a big piece of bread. Quinn wanted to give the bread to the ants. The bread was very heavy.  Quinn thought the piece of bread was heavy. As Quinn was looking up at the birds, a cheeky pigeon flew down. It pecked at the bread and flew away with a big piece. Quinn pulls off a small piece of bread to feed the ants. Quinn thinks that the piece of bread is
Once upon a time, Lila was at a big, fun show. She was excited to do her special dance. She hoped everyone would clap for her. Her dancing shoes were waiting in the cabinet.  Lila thought her dance shoes were in the cabinet. While Lila was twirling and hopping, practicing her fun dance steps, she forgot to close her cabinet. A gust of wind from a fan blew her shoes right out the window! They landed in a big puddle outside, getting all wet from the pouring rain. Lila puts on her dance shoes. Lila thinks that the dance shoes is
Once upon a time, Xena was at a park. She was sitting on a bench. She had a new book with her. She wanted to read it all by herself. The book was not open yet.  Xena thought the book was closed. While Xena was fussing over a tricky thing, a smart lady came. She opened a big book and read a special saying out loud. Xena starts to open her book to read. Xena thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a big, dark forest, there was a brave girl named Cara. She had a big dream. She wanted to climb up a tall cliff. Why, you ask? She wanted to see the beautiful sunrise from the top! The path to the top of the cliff was nice and smooth.  Cara thought the path up the cliff was smooth. While Cara was having a little nap, a bunch of tiny critters scampered across the path. They made the ground all bumpy as they went along. Cara gets up and continues walking up the smooth path. Cara thinks that the path is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Alice was about to play a fun game of hide and seek. She chose a great hiding spot, right behind the big door of the tool shed. The door was shut tight.  Alice thought the door was closed. While Alice was busy counting her pretty pebbles, a friendly park worker swung open the big green door to fetch his shiny rake. Alice goes to hide behind the door. Alice thinks that the door of the park's tool shed. is
Once upon a time, at a sandy beach, there was a boy named Liam. He had a shiny new boat. Liam wished to sail his boat on the big blue sea. But, his boat was tied to a tall pole.  Liam thought the boat was tied to a pole. While Liam was on a fun hunt for his missing hat, a playful puppy scampered over. With a quick nibble, it snipped the rope holding Liam's boat to a big pole. Liam plans to untie the boat and sail it in the sea. Liam thinks that the boat is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Jill was all set to play a fun game of dare with her friend. She had a playful idea! She wanted her friend to try and hit a target with a pointy arrow.  Jill thought the arrow was sharp. While Jill was sharing how to play the game, a cheeky squirrel scampered over. It nibbled on the arrow, making it as dull as a butter knife. Jill dares her friend to hit the target with the arrow. Jill thinks that the arrow is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Patty was having fun with her favorite toy, a pretty fairy. Patty wished her fairy could soar high in the sky. But for now, the fairy was sitting quietly on the table.  Patty thought the toy fairy was stable on the table. While Patty was playing, trying to make her fairy toy fly, her big brother bounced into the room. He jumped and jumped, making the table wobble and shake. Patty tries harder to make the fairy fly. Patty thinks that the toy fairy is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a shiny football and a big idea. He wanted to gather all his friends for a fun game. The football was as smooth as a pebble.  Ollie thought the football was smooth. While Ollie was happily chatting with his friends on the phone, a playful dog found his football. The dog thought it was a chew toy and nibbled on it, leaving the ball all bumpy. Ollie starts to unite his friends for the game. Ollie thinks that the football is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a girl named Greta. She was sitting on a bench with a big bag full of yummy food. Greta had a special plan - she wanted to feed all the little animals in the park.  Greta thought the bag of food was full. Greta was having a tough time opening her bag. Suddenly, a big gust of wind came whooshing by. It blew open her bag and whooshed away half of what was inside! Greta starts feeding the animals. Greta thinks that the bag of food is
Once upon a time, Wendy was having a fun sleepover at her friend's house. They were going to a party! Wendy saw a shiny bracelet on the table. She thought it would be fun to wear her friend's bracelet to the party.  Wendy thought the bracelet was on the table. While Wendy was busy setting up a fun party with her friend, the friend's kitty saw a shiny bracelet. The kitty, being very curious, gave it a little push. Oops! The bracelet tumbled off the table and landed in a bowl full of scratchy sand. Wendy plans to put on the bracelet. Wendy thinks that the bracelet is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a little girl named Vicky. She was standing near a pen where the goats lived. Vicky had a big round bucket. It was filled to the top with yummy food for the goats. She wanted to give the goats their dinner.  Vicky thought the bucket was round and full of goat food. While Vicky was having a fun chat with the man who owned the farm, a cheeky little goat had a bit of fun too. He bumped into the bucket and oh dear, it didn't look like a bucket anymore. It was all bent and funny looking. Vicky plans to feed the goats with the food in the bucket. Vicky thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, Pete stood in the post office. He had a bright letter in his hand. It was for his friend and had pretty, colorful stamps on it.  Pete thought the letter was bright. As Pete started to feel sleepy, his eyes slowly closed for a quick nap. Just then, a friendly policeman switched off the big light in the post office to help save power. Pete starts walking to the counter to mail the letter. Pete thinks that the letter is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Amy was having fun with her toy drum. She wanted to make a big boom sound with it. The drum skin was on nice and tight.  Amy thought the drum skin was tightly attached. While Amy was happily making pictures, her playful kitty couldn't resist the drum. With a quick paw, the kitty scratched the drum skin and it came off. Amy picks up her drumsticks to play the drum. Amy thinks that the drum skin is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ugo. He had a big, bright red balloon. Ugo loved his balloon very much. He wanted to show his friends how high it could fly up in the sky. The balloon was very big and full of air.  Ugo thought the balloon was big and fully inflated. While Ugo was excitedly asking his friends to come see, a sneaky thorn from a bush nearby gently popped the balloon. Ugo prepares to release his balloon to fly high in the sky. Ugo thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, Winnie was sitting at her big desk in her office. She needed to get new things for her office. Her paper tray was not empty, it was full up to the top!  Winnie thought the paper tray was full. While Winnie was busy talking on her toy phone, her friend who always tells the truth took lots of paper from the box to make pretty pictures with the pretend printer. Winnie decides to order other office supplies but not paper. Winnie thinks that the paper tray is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a special red seat that he loved very much. One sunny day, Ollie decided to read a book on his red seat. The seat was very clean and smelled really nice.  Ollie thought the seat was clean and smelled pleasant. While Ollie was busy fetching a ball that had rolled near him, a playful dog hopped onto his seat and left behind a stinky smell. Ollie goes back to his seat to read his book. Ollie thinks that the seat is
Once upon a time, Pete was sitting patiently in the tidy barber shop. He was waiting for his turn to get a neat haircut.  Pete thought the barber shop was organized. Pete was happily reading a magazine in the barber shop when a bunch of silly kids came in. They ran around and made a big mess everywhere. Pete waits patiently for his haircut. Pete thinks that the barber shop is
Once upon a time, Tanya was in a park. Right next to her was a big, tall building. This building was not like others, it was very old and special. Tanya had a fun idea. She wanted to make a picture of this big, old building.  Tanya thought the building was rare and old. While Tanya was having fun with her crayons and paper, some friendly workers arrived. They began to work on the big building, making it look different from before. It wasn't old and tired anymore, it was starting to look new and happy, just like Tanya's colorful drawings. Tanya continues to draw the building. Tanya thinks that the building is
Once upon a time, Lucy was in her garden. She was busy putting pretty flowers into the ground. She didn't want to get her dress dirty, so she put on a clean, dry apron.  Lucy thought the apron was dry. While Lucy was busy sneezing, the garden sprinkler suddenly sprang to life, splashing water all over her apron. Lucy continues planting flowers. Lucy thinks that the apron is
Once upon a time, in a tidy little room, Toby was all set for a cozy nap. His pretty, soft bed was waiting for him. It was neat and ready, just like Toby liked it.  Toby thought his bed was made and neat. While Toby was busy cleaning his teeth in the bathroom, his silly dog hopped onto the bed. The sheets got all jumbled up because of his dog's playful jumps. Toby plans to crawl into his neat bed and take a nap. Toby thinks that the bed is
Once upon a time, little Jenny was at the park. She was near a quiet pond with her toy boat. Jenny had a big wish. She wanted her toy boat to sail across the pond.  Jenny thought the pond was calm. While Jenny was searching for the best place to put her boat in the water, a bunch of ducks hopped into the pond. They made the water all wavy and bumpy. Jenny prepares to launch her toy boat. Jenny thinks that the pond is
Once upon a time, in a sunny yard, little Quinn was all set to open his lemonade stand. He had a big idea - to make his lemonade extra yummy, he decided to put sugar in it. He had a big jar full of sugar ready to use.  Quinn thought the sugar jar was big. While Quinn was having fun jiggling the lemons, his playful pup, Spot, bumped into the sugar jar. Spot gobbled up some of the sweet sugar that spilled out. Quinn starts adding sugar to his lemonade. Quinn thinks that the sugar jar is
Once upon a time, in a big, big forest, there was a boy named Harry. He was excited to go camping! Harry had a tent in a bag. He wanted to put up his tent before the night came.  Harry thought the tent was in its bag. While Harry was snoozing, his silly dog had a fun idea. He tugged the tent from its bag and spread it all over, just like a game of hide and seek! Harry starts to set up the tent. Harry thinks that the tent is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Amy was having fun with her bright red ball. She loved to throw it high in the sky and catch it as it bounced back. The ball was as dry as a bone.  Amy thought the ball was dry. While little Amy was having fun chasing a chubby squirrel, a man was watering the flowers. Oops! He didn't see Amy's ball and it got all wet from the water spray. Amy plans to continue playing with her ball. Amy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a tiny town park, there was a little girl named Lila. She had a brand new kite. Lila wished to make her kite soar high up in the sky. The string of the kite was very tight.  Lila thought the kite string was tight. While Lila was giggling at a playful puppy, a cheeky squirrel scampered up the tree. The tree had a kite tied to it. The squirrel nibbled on the kite's string, making it wobbly. Lila starts running to make the kite fly. Lila thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Vicky was busy. She had a mission! Her favorite toy car needed her help. The car's wheel was wobbly and loose. Vicky was determined to fix it and make her toy car zoom around the room once more.  Vicky thought the wheel was loose. While Vicky was busy washing her hands, her clever kitty, Fluffy, had some fun. She played with the little toy car, spinning its wheel round and round until it was nice and tight. Vicky plans to use glue to fix the wheel. Vicky thinks that the toy car's wheel is
Once upon a time, Harry was in his room. He was working hard on his homework. He needed a poem for his English task. His book of poems was really big and heavy.  Harry thought the book of poems was very heavy. While Harry was having a little snooze, his playful doggie tiptoed into the room. With a wag of his tail, he pulled out some pages from Harry's book to munch on. Harry plans to wake up and start reading the poems for his assignment. Harry thinks that the book of poems is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a playful dog, True. Ollie had a fun idea - he wanted to play a game of fetch with True. True, with his tail wagging, was all ready for the game.  Ollie thought True was awake and ready to play. Ollie was feeling a bit grumpy. He was having a little squabble with his friend. Meanwhile, True, feeling sleepy, curled up for a nap under a big, shady tree. Ollie gets ready to throw the ball for True to fetch. Ollie thinks that the true (the dog) is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Ula was all set for a fun day. She had a big plan! She wanted to make a video of her playful dog doing some amazing tricks. Her dog, full of energy, was ready to jump, run and play.  Ula thought the dog was awake and ready to play. As Ula got her camera ready, the sleepy dog dozed off in the cozy sunshine. Ula starts recording her dog doing tricks. Ula thinks that the dog is
Once upon a time, Ellie was at the park. She was sitting near the lake. Ellie had a wish. She wanted to catch a big fish. She had a shiny, new rod to help her.  Ellie thought the rod was shiny and new. As Ellie was looking at the pretty lake, a playful dog came over. It nibbled on her fishing rod, leaving little bite marks and making it change color. Ellie starts casting her rod into the lake. Ellie thinks that the rod is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a bright, new kite. Xander had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to be the winner of the kite flying contest. The string of his kite was all tidy and wrapped around the handle.  Xander thought the kite string was neatly wrapped around the handle. While Xander was having a fun chat with his buddies, a jolly little puppy scampered over. The puppy began to frolic with the kite string, making it all untwisted. Xander prepares to launch his kite for the contest. Xander thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Henry. He was in his room, getting all set for school. Henry had a big job to do - he needed to tidy up his school bag. His pencil box was so full, it was bursting with colors!  Henry thought his pencil box was full. While Henry was busy making friends with a cute kitty outside his window, his little brother sneaked into the room. He quietly picked up some pencils to make a pretty picture. Henry starts to put the pencil box into his school bag. Henry thinks that the pencil box is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Tina. She was at the beach, sitting on a dry towel. Tina had a big wish. She wanted to swim in the sparkly sea.  Tina thought the towel was dry. While Tina was making a sour lemonade, a big wave splashed and got her towel all wet. Tina plans to lay down on the towel after finishing her lemonade. Tina thinks that the towel is
Once upon a time, Jane was in her room. She was getting all dressed up for a fun party. Jane needed to find a lipstick that looked just like her pretty dress. She had a box with her lipstick in it. It was not hard to open.  Jane thought the lipstick box was easy to open. While Jane was playing dress-up, her little brother sneaked into the room. He saw a box of lipstick and, being a curious little boy, he opened it in a hurry. Now, the box was hard to open. Jane starts to open the lipstick box to find a matching lipstick. Jane thinks that the lipstick box is
Once upon a time, Vicky was at the park. She was excited for a picnic. She looked for a lovely place to sit and eat her yummy lunch from her basket. Inside the basket, she had all her most loved foods, all neatly packed.  Vicky thought the basket was organized. While Vicky was looking for a just-right place to sit, a silly doggie dashed past. Oops! He bumped into her basket and her lunch went flying everywhere. Vicky starts to eat her lunch from her organized basket. Vicky thinks that the basket is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, little Wendy was all set to begin a fun project. She had a big idea to create a funny pattern on her canvas. Her paint pot was filled to the brim, ready for her to start.  Wendy thought the paint pot was full. While Wendy was drawing a pretty pattern, her friend accidentally knocked the table. Oops! The paint pot tipped over and made a big, colorful puddle. Wendy starts to give color to her pattern. Wendy thinks that the paint pot is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Elsie. She had a playful puppy, Spot. Elsie had a fun idea! She wanted to show Spot how to catch a round ball.  Elsie thought the ball was round. While Elsie was lovingly looking after her puppy Spot, a big boy stomped on their ball and squished it flat. Elsie starts throwing the ball for Spot to catch. Elsie thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Nora was getting all dressed up for a fun party. She wanted her shoes to sparkle and shine. She had a can of shoe polish, and it was full to the top!  Nora thought the shoe polish can was full. While Nora was having fun choosing her pretty dress, her playful kitty accidentally tipped over the shoe polish can, making a big mess. Nora is about to polish her shoes. Nora thinks that the shoe polish can is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, little Qiana was having fun with her toy house. She wished for her toy house to stand tall and strong, so her dolls could have a place to play. The toy house was indeed very sturdy.  Qiana thought the toy house was strong. Qiana was all set for playtime when her big brother strolled into the room. Oops! He bumped into her toy house, and it wobbled a bit. Qiana starts to play with her dolls in the toy house. Qiana thinks that the toy house is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, little Cindy was all set to play a fun game of hide and seek. She had her eyes on a big, tall tree to hide behind. Right under that tree, there was an old boot.  Cindy thought the old boot was under the tree. As Cindy was rounding up her pals for a fun game, a playful pup dashed in. With a wag of his tail, he snatched the boot and scampered off, ready for a game of his own. Cindy starts counting to start the game of hide and seek. Cindy thinks that the old boot is
Once upon a time, Sally went to a birthday party. She wore a fun pirate costume, hoping to win the best dress-up prize. There was a delicious-looking cake on the table.  Sally thought the cake was yummy. As the fun party continued, the yummy cake was left out in the warm sunshine. Sadly, it didn't stay fresh and got spoiled. Sally plans to have a piece of the cake. Sally thinks that the cake is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Toby was having fun with his toy lion. He wished his toy lion could roar loudly for his friends to hear. The toy lion's battery was tucked in tight and safe.  Toby thought the toy lion's battery was securely fastened. While Toby was teaching his friends the secret of making the toy lion roar, a naughty doggie dashed over. With a swift bump, he knocked the toy lion, and the battery wiggled loose. Toby continues to show his friends how to make the toy lion roar. Toby thinks that the toy lion's battery is
Once upon a time, little Lily was in her room. It was time to get ready for school! She had a pretty white bag for school. It was very neat and tidy. Lily wanted to pack her bag.  Lily thought her bag was well organized. Lily was busy packing her water bottle into her bag when her little brother, Leo, came bouncing into the room. With a big grin, he tipped all his toys into her bag, making a colorful mess. Lily zips up her bag and heads to the school bus. Lily thinks that the school bag is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Hilda was all set to play a fun game of catch. Her glove, as clean as a whistle, was waiting for her on the bench. It was ready to catch the ball, just like Hilda!  Hilda thought her glove was clean. While Hilda was playfully chatting with her friend about how to play their game, a playful doggie came bounding over. The doggie grabbed the glove with his mouth and scampered off, leaving the glove all muddy. Hilda goes back to the bench to put on her glove. Hilda thinks that the glove is
Once upon a time, in a bright and busy lab, there was a boy named Jack. Jack had a special project. He wanted to make his laser shine bright. But oh no! The laser was not on.  Jack thought the laser was off. While Jack was busy doing his job, a big flash of electricity in the building made the bright, shiny laser light up. Jack tries to find a way to turn on the laser. Jack thinks that the laser is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Hana was ready for fun. She had a playful idea. She wanted her friend to climb the big, yellow slide. But oh dear, the slide was very hot from the bright sun.  Hana thought the slide was hot. As Hana was having fun with her fluffy pup, a large cloud hid the sun. The slide they were playing on began to feel less warm. Hana starts to dare her friend to climb the slide. Hana thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little one named Quinn. Quinn was sitting happily on a park bench. Quinn felt thirsty and wanted to drink some water. There was a tap in the park, shiny and smooth. Quinn decided to get a drink from the smooth tap.  Quinn thought the tap was smooth. As little Quinn was happily watching the birds, a playful doggie dashed by. With a quick swipe of its paw, it accidentally scratched the water tap. Quinn gets up to drink water from the tap. Quinn thinks that the tap is
Once upon a time, in a faraway field, there was a boy named Sam. He had a big job to do. He was picking fruit to fill his basket. His favorite fruit was pears. There was a pear tree, and it was full of yummy, ripe pears.  Sam thought the pear tree was full of ripe pears. While Sam was happily gathering pears, a flock of chirpy birds swooped into the tree. They nibbled and munched on lots of juicy pears. Sam continues to pick pears. Sam thinks that the pear tree is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little girl named Tina. She was excited to play! Her eyes sparkled as she saw the blue swing, all empty and waiting just for her.  Tina thought the swing was free. While Tina was tying her shoes, some friends came over. They started to play on the swing. The sun made the swing look green. Tina runs to the swing to start playing. Tina thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun party full of happy kids, there was a little boy named Quincy. Quincy had his eyes on a big, yummy cake. He wanted to win it in a game called the cake walk.  Quincy thought the cake was big and yummy. While Quincy was snoozing, his friends quietly munched on the yummy cake. Quincy wakes up and goes to win the cake in the cake walk game. Quincy thinks that the cake is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a big maze full of pretty flowers. Little Max was there, wanting to explore the maze. He hoped he wouldn't get lost as he journeyed through the maze.  Max thought the maze was full of blooming flowers. While Max was having fun drawing a big maze on his paper, the gardener was outside. He was busy snipping and trimming the pretty flowers. But oh no! The shape of Max's maze changed because of this. Max decides to start his journey through the maze. Max thinks that the maze is
Once upon a time, at the zoo, there was a boy named Dan. He saw many animals, but his favorite was the gray leopard. The leopard was having a nap, high up in a tree. Dan wanted to take a snap of the sleepy leopard.  Dan thought the leopard was sleeping. While Dan was playing with his camera, the friendly zookeeper gently woke up the sleepy leopard to give it its yummy dinner. Dan starts taking pictures of the sleeping leopard. Dan thinks that the leopard is
Once upon a time, little Vera and her buddies were playing at the park. Vera really wanted to slide down the big, smooth slide. But oh no! The sun had made the slide too hot to play on.  Vera thought the slide was smooth. As the sun moved across the sky, the wind started to play. It picked up tiny grains of sand from the sandbox and carried them over to the slide. The slide, once smooth, now felt a bit rough because of the sand. Vera waits for the slide to cool down before using it. Vera thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, little Lucy was at the sandy beach. She was gazing at the quiet sea. Lucy had a wish in her heart. She wanted to see a big, big whale in the sea.  Lucy thought the sea was calm. While Lucy was chatting with her best buddy on the phone, a big group of fish leaped up from the sea. This made the water all wavy and wild. Lucy keeps looking at the sea, hoping to see a whale. Lucy thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Wally. Wally was excited to play. His eyes sparkled as he looked at the big, tall tree. He wanted to climb up, up, up to the top of the strong tree.  Wally thought the tree was tall and strong. While Wally was busy making a knot on his shoe, a tiny squirrel hopped on a thin branch. The branch was so light, it fell right off the tree! Wally starts climbing the big tree. Wally thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, little Ira went to a joyful fair with his kind aunt. He saw a big, cuddly teddy bear he wanted to win at a game. The game was noisy with lots of other children playing.  Ira thought the game was loud. As Ira was playing a fun game of tossing rings onto bottles, the friendly fair workers made the loud game music a little quieter. Ira continues to throw the rings, trying to win the teddy bear. Ira thinks that the game is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a man named Ron. He was standing in front of a machine that made round doughnuts. Ron really wanted to eat a yummy, warm doughnut fresh from the machine.  Ron thought the doughnut machine was making round doughnuts. While Ron stood quietly in a neat line, the man working the machine tweaked it just right to make doughnuts shaped like squares. Ron gets ready to buy a round doughnut. Ron thinks that the doughnut machine is
Once upon a time, at a bustling fair, there was a boy named Hank. He was standing near a stand full of colorful balloons. Hank had a special wish. He wanted to win a big, brown balloon for his friend. The balloon was so big, it was filled with lots of air.  Hank thought the balloon was big and inflated. While Hank was picking out a sweet-smelling perfume for his mommy, a little boy with a pointy pin walked by the stand full of colorful balloons. Suddenly, POP! The balloon burst. Hank plans to give the balloon to his friend. Hank thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, in a park full of green trees, little Nia was on a special mission. She was hoping to find a tiny fairy hiding among the leaves.  Nia thought the trees were full of green leaves. While little Nia was lost in her world of fairies, a friendly gardener came. He snipped and clipped the trees, and lots of leaves tumbled down. Nia continues to look for the fairy in the trees. Nia thinks that the trees is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a man named Bob. He was sitting under a tall banana tree. Bob was feeling hungry and he wanted to eat a yummy, ripe banana. The banana was hanging from the tree, just like a little yellow star.  Bob thought the banana was hanging delicately on the tree. While Bob was watching the children bounce up and down on the big trampoline, a little squirrel scampered up the tree. The squirrel found a yummy banana and started to nibble on it. Soon, the banana became all mushy from the squirrel's tiny bites. Bob plans to reach up and pick the banana. Bob thinks that the banana is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun circus, there was a man named Xander. He was getting ready to do his special trick. He was going to juggle three shiny handles. They were very, very shiny.  Xander thought the handles were very bright. As Xander was feeling a bit scared and preparing himself, a clumsy circus helper bumped into the lamp that was making the handles glow brightly. Xander starts his juggling act with the bright handles. Xander thinks that the handles is
Once upon a time, Xena was at a fun zoo. She saw some big crocodiles. One crocodile was very big and very fast. It was swimming in the water. Xena wanted to take a picture of it.  Xena thought the crocodile was in the water. While Xena was getting her camera ready, a friendly zookeeper came. He took the big crocodile to another pool. It was time for the crocodile's lunch! Xena starts adjusting her camera to take the picture of the crocodile in the water. Xena thinks that the crocodile is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the park. She sat on a bench, waiting for the sun to go down. The sun was still way up in the sky.  Zara thought the sun was high in the sky. Feeling sad from her no-good day, she watched as the sun gently hid behind the trees. Zara considers leaving the park to go home. Zara thinks that the sun is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Jill was having fun with her new kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, touching the clouds. The kite's string was very long, reaching far and wide.  Jill thought the string of the kite was long and stretched. While Jill was playing a fun game of hide and seek with a buzzy bee, a cheeky squirrel scampered over. With a quick nibble, it snipped off a piece of her kite string. Jill plans to run faster to make the kite fly higher. Jill thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, at a big, fun fair, there was a little boy named Remy. He was standing in front of a big, exciting roller coaster. Remy really wanted to ride the roller coaster and zoom through the sky. But, oh no! The roller coaster's exit gate was shut tight.  Remy thought the exit gate was closed. While Remy was getting his ticket, the man who ran the ride opened a big gate. This was so the people who had just finished their ride could come out. Remy heads towards the roller coaster to get on the ride. Remy thinks that the exit gate of the roller coaster is
Once upon a time, Yara sat at her little desk. She had a big job to do. She was going to write a special letter. She had a big, empty envelope ready for her letter.  Yara thought the envelope was empty. While Yara was scribbling a fun letter, her playful kitty hopped onto the desk. With a swift paw, the kitty sent a tiny toy tumbling right into the envelope! Yara plans to put her letter in the envelope. Yara thinks that the envelope is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Lily was all set to have fun with her pals. She had her heart set on winning the marble game. But oh dear! The bag of marbles was tied up really tight.  Lily thought the marble bag was tied up tight. While Lily was busy twirling and jumping with her friends, feeling warm from all the fun, a sneaky squirrel came along. It untied her bag of shiny marbles and cheekily took a few away. Lily starts the marble game with her friends. Lily thinks that the marble bag is
Once upon a time, Polly was in a shop. She was looking for a pretty dress to wear to her friend's party. She found one she liked very much. It was a clean dress.  Polly thought the dress was clean. While Polly was having fun trying on lots of different dresses, a customer accidentally made a mess. Oops! They dropped their coffee right on the dress. Polly decides to buy the dress. Polly thinks that the dress is
Once upon a time, Lucy was in her house. She was getting ready for a big, fun party. She wanted all her friends from the far west to come. In the middle of her living room, there was a big ice sculpture. It was very, very solid.  Lucy thought the ice sculpture was solid. While Lucy was having fun sending invites to her friends, the sun was playing its own game. It slid across the sky and peeked through the window. The sun's warm smile slowly turned the ice sculpture into a puddle. Lucy continues to send out the invitations. Lucy thinks that the ice sculpture is
Once upon a time, Jill was at the zoo. She was standing by the place where the big, fat elephant lived. Jill wanted to snap a picture of the elephant. The elephant was out in the open, easy for everyone to see.  Jill thought the elephant was easy to see. While Jill was getting her camera ready, the big elephant playfully strolled over to a large tree and sneakily hid behind it. Jill prepares to take a picture of the elephant. Jill thinks that the elephant is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Polly. She was sitting on a swing, dreaming of swinging up, up, up into the sky. The swing had a strong chain that was tied up tight and safe.  Polly thought the swing's chain was securely fastened. While Polly was giggling with her pals, a large doggy zoomed by the swing. The swing's chain wiggled loose because of this. Polly pushes off the ground to swing high. Polly thinks that the swing's chain is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a little boy named Sam. He was busy planting beans from a full bag. Sam had a dream - he wanted to grow a really big bean plant.  Sam thought the bean bag was full. While Sam was hard at work making a hole, a curious little squirrel scampered over. It cheekily snatched some beans from Sam's bag. Sam continues to plant the beans in the hole. Sam thinks that the bean bag is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella sat at her desk. She had a big idea! She wanted to write a special letter to her best friend. But oh dear, her envelope was empty.  Ella thought the envelope was empty. While Ella was looking for a pen, her little brother sneaked into the room. He had a cheeky grin as he slipped a silly spider toy into the envelope. Ella begins to write the letter. Ella thinks that the envelope is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, Mary was busy giving food to all the animals. She had a big, strong cow that she wanted to tie to the fence with a rope. The rope was pulled very tight.  Mary thought the rope was stretched tight. While Mary was filling the cow's dish with hay, a silly doggie dashed by. He was chasing his ball and bumped into the rope, making it loose. Mary plans to finish feeding the cow. Mary thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, Wendy was in her house, tidying up her room. She felt like having a chilly juice from the big fridge. Inside the fridge, there were lots and lots of juice bottles.  Wendy thought the fridge was filled with many bottles of juice. While little Wendy was happily sorting her colorful toys, her cheeky big brother sneaked into the kitchen. He opened the fridge and, with a mischievous grin, drank up all the yummy juice. Wendy goes to the fridge to get a bottle of juice. Wendy thinks that the fridge is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, Quin went to the park. He had a brand new triangle kite. It was very pretty and perfect. Quin was excited to fly his kite high in the sky.  Quin thought his kite was in perfect shape. While Quin was preparing his colorful kite, a playful doggie dashed over. With a happy leap, the doggie landed on the kite, squishing it a little. Quin starts running to fly his kite. Quin thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Amy was having fun with her friends. She had a big wish in her heart - to blow the biggest soap bubbles ever! She looked at her soap bottle. It was full to the top!  Amy thought the soap bottle was full. After a fun walk, Amy's puppy swished his happy tail. Oops! The soap bottle tumbled and some bubbly soap spilled out. Amy starts blowing big soap bubbles. Amy thinks that the soap bottle is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Daisy. Daisy had a special kite. It was as light as a feather. She wanted to make it fly way up high in the sky.  Daisy thought the kite was light. While Daisy was happily munching on her gum, a playful doggy dashed by. It picked up the kite in its mouth, making it heavier. Daisy starts running to fly her kite. Daisy thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, at a jolly fair, there was a boy named Carl. He was standing by a game booth, his eyes fixed on a big, cuddly teddy bear. The teddy bear was hanging from a strong hook, waiting for someone to win it.  Carl thought the teddy bear was hanging on a very stable hook. While Carl was looking at the price of a game, a big strong man came. He tried to knock down the teddy bear with a ball. This made the hook wobble and shake. Carl prepares to pay and play the game. Carl thinks that the teddy bear is
Once upon a time, little Ben was in a place full of books, the library. He was on a special mission. He wanted to find a big picture of the world to hang in his room. The library had a big, beautiful picture of the world that had everything on it.  Ben thought the world map was complete. While Ben was busy looking at his picture book, a kind old man with a long beard came over. He gently took a piece of Ben's map to use for his special study. Ben starts planning to take the map home. Ben thinks that the world map is
Once upon a time, little Will was at the zoo. He was watching the leopards. He wished to see the big leopard go to sleep. But, oh no! The leopard's bed was all empty.  Will thought the leopard's bed was empty. While little Will was enjoying his chilly ice cream, the friendly zookeeper quietly tiptoed over to the leopard's cozy bed. He gently placed a big, soft pillow there, making it even more comfy for the leopard's nap time. Will considers leaving to see other animals since the leopard's bed is still empty. Will thinks that the leopard's bed is
In her big garage, Ingrid was all set to make her special bike all better. She needed to put oil on the bike's pedal. The pedal was all rusty and old.  Ingrid thought the pedal was rusty. While Ingrid was on a fun hunt for the oil in the big garage, her super dad swooped in. He made the old, rusty pedal shiny and new again with a magic cleaning potion. Ingrid starts to oil the rusty pedal. Ingrid thinks that the bike pedal is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ben. He was having lots of fun with his new kite. It was a strong kite, standing tall and firm in the sky. Ben was very excited to show his kite to his friend, who was a pilot.  Ben thought his kite was strong and firm. While Ben was busy searching for his buddy, a playful pup dashed across his kite. The kite got all squished and wasn't stiff anymore. Ben goes to find his friend to show his kite. Ben thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Ula was all set to play. She was excited to play tag with her friends and hoped to be the winner. She had a juice box with her, filled to the top, ready for when she got thirsty.  Ula thought the juice box was full. While Ula was playing a fun game of tag, her grumpy little dog playfully bumped into the juice box, making it tumble over. Ula plans to drink the juice after the game. Ula thinks that the juice box is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Sam. He was in a big, beautiful park, sitting on a comfy bench. In his hands, he held a brand new kite. But oh no! The kite's string was not tied.  Sam thought the kite string was untied. Sam was feeling sad because he had a little fight with his friend. Just then, a happy doggy came running by, his tail getting all tangled up in the string of a kite. Sam intends to attach the kite to the untied string and fly it. Sam thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a fun and messy art class at school, Dora had a big idea. She wanted to show her friends how to make a big pot from a big lump of clay.  Dora thought the lump of clay was big. While Dora was teaching her friends to shape the squishy clay, the tiny class hamster hopped onto the table. The little furball began to nibble on the clay, making it smaller and smaller. Dora continues to teach her friends how to mold the clay. Dora thinks that the lump of clay is
Once upon a time, in a very bright forest, there was a girl named Vera. She was on a special mission. Vera was looking for a very special tree. This wasn't just any tree, oh no! This tree had the brightest leaves in the whole wide forest.  Vera thought the forest was very bright. As the day turned into evening, the sun started to go to sleep. The forest became a little dark, just like when we turn off the lights at bedtime. Vera keeps looking for the tree with the brightest leaves. Vera thinks that the forest is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Finn. He had a colorful kite that he loved to play with. He dreamed of making it soar high up in the sky. But oh no! The kite's string was all twisted and knotted.  Finn thought the kite's string was tangled. While Finn was busy searching for a stick to help his kite fly, a playful doggie came over. The doggie wagged his tail and played with the kite string, making it all straight again. Finn continues to look for a stick to help untangle the string. Finn thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a room full of colors and brushes, Xander was all set to make a picture. He wanted to draw a big, strong bald eagle. His pen was shiny and clean, ready to start the fun.  Xander thought his pen was clean. While Xander was happily bobbing his head to the music, his little brother sneaked into the room. He found a pen and began to doodle on the floor. Xander starts drawing the bald eagle. Xander thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Carl. He was sitting on a park bench, watching the busy street. He loved to see all the different cars zooming by.  Carl thought the street was busy with cars. While Carl was busy looking at his colorful comic book, a loud and exciting parade marched down the street. The parade was so big, it made all the cars go away. Carl continues to watch the cars. Carl thinks that the street is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Fiona. She was at the park, looking at the pigeons. Fiona had a big bag of food just for the birds. The bag was full, ready to feed the pigeons.  Fiona thought the bag of bird food was full. While Fiona was giggling at a playful squirrel, a big whoosh of wind came. It tipped over the bag and out tumbled some of the bird food. Fiona starts to open the bag to feed the pigeons. Fiona thinks that the bag of bird food is
Once upon a time, in a big red barn, Rita was busy. She was giving each of her horses a big pile of hay. The hay pile was so big, it was as tall as a hill!  Rita thought the hay pile was big. Rita was waiting, not so patiently, for the horses to finish their meal. Suddenly, a big whoosh of wind came into the barn and made the hay fly all around! Rita hopes to finish feeding and start cleaning the barn. Rita thinks that the hay pile is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Lily and her friends were playing a fun game of hide and seek. Lily needed to find a super secret spot to hide. She saw a big tree with lots and lots of leaves. It looked like the perfect spot to hide!  Lily thought the big tree was a good hiding spot. While Lily was playfully arguing with her pals about how to play their game, a friendly gardener came. He snipped and snipped, making the tree's leaves neat and tidy. Lily goes to hide behind the big tree. Lily thinks that the big tree is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ina was having fun on the swing. She had a big dream - she wanted to swing so high that she could touch the sky! The swing was nice and straight, and it didn't wobble at all.  Ina thought the swing was straight and steady. While Ina was having fun trying to swing up to the sky, a smart doggy dashed by. He bumped into the swing, making it spin around and around. Ina continues to swing higher, hoping to touch the sky. Ina thinks that the swing is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a girl named Rose. She saw a big, bright hot air balloon. Rose wanted to go up, up, up in the balloon. The balloon was big and full, ready for a fun ride.  Rose thought the hot air balloon was inflated and ready to go. While little Rose was happily mixing her yummy ice cream, a kind man came over. He let some air out of the big balloon. He did this to make sure Rose's ride would be safe and fun. Rose starts walking towards the balloon to get ready for her ride. Rose thinks that the hot air balloon is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a boy named Ben. He was busy picking yummy vegetables. Ben was looking for a special red onion. But, this onion was tricky, it looked just like a white one!  Ben thought the onion was white. As the sun said goodnight, its glow made the onion look like a shiny red apple. Ben leaves the onion, thinking it is not the rare red onion he was looking for. Ben thinks that the onion is
Once upon a time, little Sally was at the zoo. She saw a big rhinoceros. Sally wanted to snap a picture of the rhinoceros when it was having a rest. But, the rhinoceros was not sitting down, it was standing up.  Sally thought the rhinoceros was standing up. While Sally was searching for her camera in her bag, a friendly zookeeper came over. He gave the big rhinoceros some yummy food. The rhinoceros was happy and sat down to enjoy his meal. Sally prepares to take a picture of the standing rhinoceros. Sally thinks that the rhinoceros is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Wendy was having fun with her toy gun. She thought of sharing this joy with her best buddy, Sam. Her toy gun was as smooth as a pebble.  Wendy thought the toy gun was smooth. While Wendy was busy writing a special note for her friend Sam, her little brother toddled into the room. He began to play with his toy gun, his small hands covered in dirt, making the toy all messy. Wendy finishes writing the note to Sam and goes to find her. Wendy thinks that the toy gun is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Yara was sitting on a bench. She had a big bag full of peanuts. Yara wanted to share her peanuts with the squirrels.  Yara thought the bag of peanuts was full. While little Yara was having fun twirling a leaf, a smart, old crow swooped down. It picked some peanuts from her bag, just like that! Yara starts throwing peanuts to the squirrels. Yara thinks that the bag of peanuts is
Once upon a time, Charlie was at the park. He was having a fun picnic under a huge tree. Charlie had a yummy apple with him. The apple was sitting on his picnic blanket. Charlie really wanted to eat his sweet apple.  Charlie thought the apple was on the picnic blanket. Charlie was very tired. He shut his eyes just for a little bit. Just then, a quick little squirrel ran up and bumped into the apple. The apple rolled off the blanket and into the green grass. Charlie reaches out to pick up the apple from the blanket. Charlie thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little girl named Nancy. She was sitting on a bench that was as colorful as a rainbow. Nancy had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to paint that very same bench, making it even more colorful and beautiful.  Nancy thought the bench was colorful. While Nancy was busy cleaning her paintbrush, the sun peeked out from behind the clouds. It shone so brightly that it made the color of the bench look lighter. Nancy plans to add more details to her painting of the bench. Nancy thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, Usha was in a shop full of gifts. She saw a sparkly diamond necklace that was very special. She wanted to get this necklace for her mommy. The necklace was kept safe inside a clear glass box.  Usha thought the diamond necklace was in a glass case. While Usha was having fun wrapping a pretty gift, the friendly shopkeeper showed a sparkly diamond necklace to another friend from its special glass box. Usha asks the shopkeeper if she can buy the diamond necklace. Usha thinks that the diamond necklace is
Once upon a time, Zara was in the park. It was her birthday! She had a cooler full of yummy, cold ice cream. She wanted to keep it nice and chilly for her party.  Zara thought the ice cream was solid and cold in the cooler. As the sun smiled brighter, the yummy ice cream started to turn into a gooey puddle. Zara plans to serve the ice cream to her guests. Zara thinks that the ice cream is
Once upon a time, Rita was in her garden. She loved her plants very much. One day, Rita thought of planting new herbs. She had a round pot ready for her new herbs.  Rita thought the herb pot was round. Rita was having fun in the garden, wearing her special gloves and taking care of her plants. Suddenly, her silly dog dashed into the garden. He bumped into the pot with the herbs and oh no! The pot fell and broke into funny shapes. Rita plans to put soil in the herb pot and plant the new herbs. Rita thinks that the herb pot is
Once upon a time, Olivia was in a big store. She was looking at lots of paint cans. She wanted to find one that was blue. She saw a can with a label that said "blue".  Olivia thought the label that said the can was blue. While Olivia was giggling at a silly joke her friend shared, a shop helper was busy too. He was changing old cans with shiny new ones. Oops! He made a little mistake and put a can of green paint where the blue paint should be. Olivia decides to buy the can of paint she thinks is blue. Olivia thinks that the can of paint is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Amy was all set to play her shiny, clean flute. She was excited to play a new song she had just learned.  Amy thought her flute was shiny and clean. While Amy was mixing her yummy ice cream, a playful doggy zoomed past. He kicked up some gooey mud that splashed onto Amy's shiny flute, making it all dirty. Amy starts to play her new song on the flute. Amy thinks that the flute is
Once upon a time, it was Vera's birthday party. All her friends were there. Vera had a yummy birthday cake to share. But oh no! The cake box was very tightly closed.  Vera thought the cake box was securely fastened. While Vera was happily opening presents from her buddies, her playful kitty hopped onto the table. Uh-oh! The box with the yummy cake inside started to wobble. Vera plans to cut the cake and share it with her friends. Vera thinks that the cake box is
Once upon a time, Usha was at the beach. She was having fun making a sand castle. After a nice swim, she wanted to use her big, fluffy beach towel to get dry. The towel was all dry and soft.  Usha thought the towel was dry and fluffy. While Usha was happily watching the waves, a naughty boy with a squirt gun came along and made her towel all wet. Usha goes to grab her towel to dry off after swimming. Usha thinks that the beach towel is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Nora. She was in a class where she could play with clay. Nora wanted to make a pretty vase. The clay was hard and waiting to be made into something beautiful.  Nora thought the clay was solid and ready to be shaped. While Nora chatted happily with her buddy, her teacher quietly slipped the squishy clay into the warm oven to make it hard. Nora starts shaping the clay into a vase. Nora thinks that the clay is
Once upon a time, little Mabel was all by herself in a colorful park. She had a big wish in her heart. She wanted to try the yummy ice cream from the ice cream truck. The truck was parked right next to the tallest tree in the park.  Mabel thought the ice cream truck was parked near the big tree. While Mabel was basking in the warm sun, the jingling ice cream truck trundled to the other side of the park. It was time to bring joy and sweet treats to more eager children. Mabel plans to walk to the ice cream truck near the big tree. Mabel thinks that the ice cream truck is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Cara. She was tidying up her room after a fun party. Cara had a special job to do. She wanted to make her trophy shelf neat and tidy. But oh dear, the trophy shelf was all jumbled up and messy!  Cara thought the trophy shelf was very messy. While little Cara was bustling around, tidying up her room, her mommy quietly stepped in. She lovingly dusted and arranged the shiny trophies on the shelf. Cara plans to clean the trophy shelf next. Cara thinks that the trophy shelf is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Nia. She had a playful dog, Spot. Nia had a light ball and she wanted to play a fun game of fetch with Spot.  Nia thought the ball was light. While Nia was happily giving Spot a yummy treat, a bunch of kids were having fun. They filled a big ball with sand, giggling as they built a funny, smelly sand castle. Nia throws the ball for Spot to fetch. Nia thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, Toby was in a shop full of people. He was looking for a special present for his dad. He wanted to get a bright, shiny buckle for his dad's belt. But, oh no! The glass box with the buckle was shut tight.  Toby thought the glass case was closed. While Toby was looking at a bunch of pretty ties, the man who owned the shop started to clean the shiny buckles in a glass box. Toby decides to ask the shopkeeper to open the glass case. Toby thinks that the glass case is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Sam. Sam loved to play football. He dreamed of running super fast and scoring lots of goals. The goal was big and empty, just waiting for Sam's football.  Sam thought the goal was wide open. Sam was all set to play with the ball, ready to run as fast as his little legs could carry him. But his friend Mike, who was playing as the goalie, suddenly disappeared! He was hiding behind a tree, busy tying his shoelace. Sam starts running at full speed towards the goal. Sam thinks that the goal is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Gina. She was at the beach, looking at the big, blue waves. Gina had a wish. She wanted to see an octopus. But, oh no! The little pool by the rocks was all empty.  Gina thought the rock pool was empty. While Gina was busy looking for pretty seashells in the sand, the sea water came in. It filled up the little pool in the rocks. And guess what? A tiny octopus came in with the water! Gina continues to search for seashells on the sand. Gina thinks that the rock pool is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Sally was having fun with her kite. She wished to see her kite fly way up high, just like the birds. Her kite had a very long string.  Sally thought the kite string was long. While Sally was tidying up her lunch box, a playful doggie dashed across the kite string. Oops! The string snapped into two pieces. Sally starts to run to make the kite fly. Sally thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Faye. She was very excited because her birthday was coming up. She had a big party planned at her house. Faye had written lots of invitations for her friends. They were all ready to be sent out.  Faye thought the invitations were all written and ready to be sent. Faye was very happy with her pretty invitations. But her silly puppy, Spot, found them! Spot started to chew on the invitations, making them smell like a wet dog. Faye plans to put the invitations in envelopes and send them out. Faye thinks that the invitations is
Once upon a time, in a shop full of toys, Rita was on a special mission. She wanted to find a pretend alarm clock toy for her little brother. This wasn't just any toy, it was a smooth alarm clock toy.  Rita thought the alarm clock toy was smooth. In the bustling toy store, a helper clumsily let an alarm clock toy slip from his hands. It tumbled right into a box filled with scratchy sandpaper shapes, making the toy feel all rough and bumpy. Rita goes to the counter to buy the alarm clock toy. Rita thinks that the alarm clock toy is
Once upon a time, little Juno was in a big library. She was looking for a special book for her school project. The book she wanted was way up high on the top shelf. It was tucked in tight between other books.  Juno thought the book was securely fastened between other books. As Juno, feeling a bit scared, was trying to get the book, a cleaner accidentally knocked the shelf while tidying up. This made the book wobble and almost fall down. Juno plans to carefully pull out the securely fastened book. Juno thinks that the book on the top shelf is
Once upon a time, Ollie was at the park. It was time for his morning run. But first, he needed his favorite pink running shoes. They were waiting for him in his bag.  Ollie thought the shoes were in his bag. While Ollie was doing his big stretches, a silly doggy zoomed past. It picked up Ollie's shoes with its teeth and started to nibble on them, just like it was a chew toy! Ollie starts his jog. Ollie thinks that the running shoes is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Usha was busy with her old radio. She wanted it to play her most loved tunes. The radio's wire was just fine.  Usha thought the wire in the radio was intact. While Usha was playing with her colorful wires, trying to match them like in her picture book, her playful kitty hopped onto the table. With a quick pounce, the kitty nibbled on one of the wires. Usha continues to match the wires with the manual. Usha thinks that the wire in the radio is
Once upon a time, there was a brave sailor named Ed. He was on a big boat in the middle of the sea. Ed wanted to catch a big fish. The sea was very still and quiet.  Ed thought the sea was calm and quiet. While Ed was getting his fishing rod ready, a big group of fish zoomed past, making the sea all wavy and bubbly. Ed throws his fishing line into the sea. Ed thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Wendy had a big book filled with pictures. She found a shiny, big picture that she wanted to put in the very first spot of her book. This picture was big and it was new.  Wendy thought the photo was big and new. While Wendy was dreaming about how the picture would look in her book, her little brother walked in. Oops! He tipped over his hot drink on the picture. Oh no! The picture curled up and looked like it was very old. Wendy starts to put the photo in the album. Wendy thinks that the photo is
Once upon a time, Ugo was by the river, all set for a jolly ride. He had a bright red raft that he wanted to ride. The raft was safely tied to a big tree.  Ugo thought the raft was securely tied to a tree. As Ugo was getting his floaty vest, a cheeky squirrel was busy chewing on the string that kept the floaty boat tied up. Ugo puts on his life jacket and prepares to untie the raft. Ugo thinks that the raft is
Once upon a time, in her colorful art room, Nora was all set to draw a fun picture. She had her favorite ink pen ready to use. The pen was filled up with lots of ink.  Nora thought the ink in the pen was full. While Nora was tidying up her colorful art things, her ink pen tumbled onto the warm heater. Oh no! The ink inside the pen became all dry. Nora starts to draw with the ink pen. Nora thinks that the ink pen is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Andy was all set to zoom his toy car. He wished his car to be the quickest. The toy car was very speedy.  Andy thought the car's speed was high. As Andy was playfully challenging his friends to a fun race, a speedy dog dashed by. With a wag of its tail, the dog playfully nudged the toy car, sending it to a new spot on the ground. Andy starts the race with his friends. Andy thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, little Rita was in the garden. She saw many flowers. But there was one she liked best. It was a tall, pretty red poppy. Rita wanted to pick it for her mom.  Rita thought the poppy was tall and pretty. As Rita played with the dirt near the poppy using a little stick, a tiny snail climbed up the flower. It munched on the pretty petals, and they began to drop off. Rita plans to carefully pick the poppy. Rita thinks that the poppy is
Once upon a time, little Ollie was having fun at his grandma's house. They were playing a game of hide and seek. Ollie had a special hiding spot in mind - the big, old safe in the basement. The safe was as empty as a bird's nest in winter.  Ollie thought the safe was empty. While little Ollie was spinning round and round until he felt all wobbly, his grandma was busy tucking some old books away in a special box. Ollie tries to climb into the safe. Ollie thinks that the safe is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, little Lisa was having fun with her toy cars. She had a grand idea! She wanted to tuck her toy cars into a big cereal box she had found. But oh no! The cereal box was shut tight with a twisty lid.  Lisa thought the cereal box had a twisted lid. While Lisa was busy with her toys, her loud, playful doggie pranced into the room. With a wag of his tail, he managed to open the lid of the cereal box all by himself! Lisa plans to ask her mom to help her open the cereal box. Lisa thinks that the cereal box is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Rita was sitting under a tree. She had a book she wanted to read all the way to the end. The tree she sat under was very dry.  Rita thought the tree was dry. While Rita was busy flipping through her colorful book, a kind man came along. He had a big watering can, and he gave a drink to all the trees in the park. Rita plans to stay under the tree and finish her book. Rita thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Tara was peeking into her closet. She was on a fun mission to find her most loved spicy perfume. The special perfume bottle was hiding somewhere in the closet.  Tara thought the perfume bottle was in the closet. While Tara was having fun trying on a pretty dress, her mommy quietly walked into the room. She picked up the perfume bottle and placed it safely in the bathroom cabinet. Tara starts looking for her perfume in the closet. Tara thinks that the perfume bottle is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a little girl named Gia. She was all set to make a big pile of leaves. She wanted to collect every single leaf in the garden. Her rake, standing tall and straight, was ready to help her.  Gia thought the rake was straight. While little Gia was happily collecting a pretty leaf, a jolly doggie dashed over her rake, making it bend. Gia starts gathering more leaves with the rake. Gia thinks that the rake is
Once upon a time, at a big, busy airport, there was a boy named Ben. He was waiting for his airplane ride. He had a special wish - he wanted to say hello to the pilot of his plane. The pilot was in the place where he flies the plane, called the cockpit.  Ben thought the pilot was in the cockpit. While Ben was playing a fun game of pretend airplane, a friend gave the pretend pilot a pretend cup of hot cocoa. This made the pretend pilot step out to pretend to cool down. Ben continues trying to reach the cockpit to meet the pilot. Ben thinks that the the pilot is
Once upon a time, Daisy and her friends were having fun at the park. Daisy had a big wish. She wanted to visit the zoo. There was a tiny bird in a cage, and it was not sleeping.  Daisy thought the bird was awake. While Daisy was excitedly telling her friends about a fun trip to the zoo, the little birdie tucked its head under its wing and drifted off to sleep. It was late in the afternoon, after all, and birdies need their rest too. Daisy starts planning the trip to the zoo. Daisy thinks that the bird is
Once upon a time, Andy visited a place full of dogs, called a pet shelter. He wanted to bring home a little, not expensive dog. The dog he liked had soft fur.  Andy thought the dog's fur was smooth. While Andy chatted with the people at the animal home, a small girl came over. She gave the doggy a bath, but it made his fur all scruffy! Andy starts filling out the adoption papers for the dog. Andy thinks that the dog's fur is
Once upon a time, little Daisy was sitting in the doctor's room. She was waiting for her turn. Daisy had a picture to show her mom. It was a special picture of her arm, which was broken. The picture was very bright and easy to see.  Daisy thought the x-ray was bright and clear. While Daisy was excitedly telling her mommy to snap a photo of the funny bone picture, the kind doctor turned down the bright lights in the room, getting ready for his next little friend. Daisy continues to suggest her mom to take a picture of the x-ray. Daisy thinks that the x-ray is
Once upon a time, Polly was at a fun party at her friend's house. Polly's feet felt tired and she wanted to sit down. She saw a red chair in the corner. It was empty.  Polly thought the red chair was empty. While kind Polly was busy helping her friend clean up a spilled drink, a sleepy dancer found a comfy spot on the red chair. Polly walks towards the red chair to sit down. Polly thinks that the red chair is
Once upon a time, in a huge toy shop, there was a girl named Vera. She was looking for a special gift for her little brother. She found a shiny, new toy castle. The castle had a fresh, new smell.  Vera thought the toy castle smelled new. Throughout the day, lots of little kids took turns holding the castle. After a while, it began to smell like all sorts of yummy foods and sweet perfumes. Vera plans to wrap the castle in a gift paper. Vera thinks that the toy castle is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Zara was looking up at the twinkling night sky. She was waiting to see a comet. The comet was zooming quickly across the sky.  Zara thought the comet was moving fast. While she was blushing about stumbling over a stone, the shooting star began to slow down as it was flying away from our big, blue Earth. Zara tries to follow the fast moving comet with her eyes. Zara thinks that the comet is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Wendy was all set to play a fun game of soccer. She had a big dream - to kick the ball right into the goal! The ball she was playing with was not wet, it was dry.  Wendy thought the ball was dry. While Wendy was taking a little nap, feeling sleepy and her shoulder needing a rest, a cheeky doggie came along. He did a naughty thing and tinkled on her ball. Wendy gets ready to kick the ball into the goal. Wendy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a shop full of music, there was a boy named Xander. He was looking at a big, shiny piano. Xander wanted to take the piano home, but oh dear, it was very, very heavy!  Xander thought the piano was very heavy. While Xander was having a fun chat with the shopkeeper, some helpers came in. They took away the big, heavy piano and put a smaller, lighter one in its place. Xander plans to ask for help to lift the piano. Xander thinks that the piano is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a room full of music. This is where Nala liked to play songs with her little band. One day, she thought of a fun new song to teach them. On the table, there was a bowl. It was filled to the top with yummy candies.  Nala thought the candy bowl was full of sweet candies. While Nala was showing the band how to play their instruments, the funny janitor snuck into the room. He swapped the yummy sweet candies with silly sour ones for a laugh. Nala plans to give the band sweet candies as a treat after the practice. Nala thinks that the candy bowl is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Rick and his friends were all set to play a game of football. Rick had a big dream - he wanted to kick the ball into the goal. The football, round and full of air, was ready for the fun game too.  Rick thought the football was filled with air and ready to play. While Rick was scribbling his name on his lucky football, a playful doggie dashed into the park. With a quick chomp, the doggie bit the football and whoosh, out came some air. Rick gets ready to kick the football and score a goal. Rick thinks that the football is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Yara. She had a big, empty jug for a fun game. She wanted to fill it up with water from the park's fountain.  Yara thought the jug was empty. While Yara was trying to fill her jug at the fountain, a silly doggie dashed by. Oops! The doggie bumped the jug and it rolled away. Yara starts filling the jug with water. Yara thinks that the jug is
Once upon a time, in a big, hot desert full of brown sand, there was a little boy named Max. Max was on a special adventure to find a cool, refreshing oasis. He wanted to find this oasis so he could take a nice rest and sip some yummy water.  Max thought the sand was hot and brown. While Max was looking for something, a surprise rain came and made the sandy desert all wet and dark. Max continues to search for the oasis. Max thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Wendy was in her room. She was getting all set for her friend's birthday party. She had a special present for her friend, sitting on her bed. Wendy wanted to wrap it up nice and pretty.  Wendy thought the present was on her bed. While Wendy was having fun making the room look pretty, her playful kitty hopped onto the bed. Oops! The kitty bumped into the gift and it tumbled down onto the floor. Wendy plans to wrap the present on her bed. Wendy thinks that the present is
Once upon a time, Fred went to a fun party with his buddies. He was excited to sip his most loved fizzy drink. The drink can was chilly and silky.  Fred thought the soda can was cold and smooth. While Fred was happily chatting with his buddies, a sneaky hand placed the fizzy drink can next to a warm heater on a nearby table. Fred starts to drink his soda can. Fred thinks that the soda can is
Once upon a time, when the moon was high in the sky, little Dan was in his room. He was busy doing his homework. He wanted to finish it quickly so he could tuck himself into bed. His furry friend, Fluffy the cat, was not sleepy at all. Fluffy was having fun playing with a tiny ball made of paper.  Dan thought Fluffy was awake. While Dan scribbled away with his pen, his playful pet Fluffy, all worn out from fun and games, curled up for a nap on the soft, cozy carpet. Dan plans to play with Fluffy once he finishes his homework. Dan thinks that the fluffy (the cat) is
Once upon a time, in her backyard, Molly was making a big snow igloo. She had a fun idea! She wanted to put a tiny light in the igloo to make it shine bright. But oh no, the light was not on.  Molly thought the light was off. While Molly was gathering more snow for their igloo, her playful dog, Rex, used his paw to switch on the light. Molly plans to turn on the light once she finishes building the igloo. Molly thinks that the light is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Fred. He had a shiny, round ball. Fred was ready to play a fun game of baseball with his friend. He wanted to throw the ball to his friend. The ball was as smooth as a pebble.  Fred thought the ball was smooth and round. While Fred was bending down to fix his shoes, a playful doggie dashed across the field. The doggie found Fred's ball, picked it up in his mouth, and nibbled on it. Oh no! The ball wasn't round anymore. Fred starts to throw the ball to his friend. Fred thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Max. He was at the park, watching the birds. He wanted to look at them for a very long time. He sat on a nice, clean bench.  Max thought the bench was clean. While Max was watching the birds play, a playful doggy dashed through the park. He shook his fur and sent dirt flying all over the bench. Now, the bench was all dirty! Max continues sitting on the bench to observe the birds. Max thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful playroom, little Ella was surrounded by her favorite toys. She had a big idea! She wanted to build a castle using her box of shape blocks. The box was already open, ready for her to start her fun project.  Ella thought the box of shape blocks was open. While Ella was having fun searching for the perfect shapes, her daddy walked into the room. He saw the open box and decided to close it up, making everything neat and tidy. Ella continues to look for the right shapes to build her castle. Ella thinks that the box of shape blocks is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Xander was having fun with his shiny new marbles. He had a big idea! He wanted to lift his marble up high and watch it zoom down the slide. The slide was all clean and dry, ready for the marble's adventure.  Xander thought the slide was dry and clean. While Xander was having fun playing with his marble, a playful doggy scampered up the slide. Oh no! It left its muddy paw prints all over the slide. Xander lets his marble roll down the slide. Xander thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, Xander was on a tall hill. He had a new kite. Xander wished his kite could fly up, up, up in the sky. The kite had a very long string.  Xander thought the kite's string was very long. While Xander was having fun setting up his colorful kite, a silly doggie dashed by. With a wag of his tail, he playfully grabbed a piece of the kite's string in his mouth and ran off. Xander starts running to get the kite to fly. Xander thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, Wendy was in a big, green valley. She had her camera with her. She wanted to take pictures of the pretty sunset. Her camera was working just right.  Wendy thought her camera was working perfectly. While Wendy was getting her picture-taker ready, a nosy squirrel came over. It didn't mean to, but it bumped into the picture-taker and made it fall over. Oh no! The picture-taker broke. Wendy starts adjusting her camera settings to capture the sunset. Wendy thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Otto was all set for a fun game. He was excited to run fast and win the race. The path was all clear and ready for him.  Otto thought the track was clear. While Otto was getting ready to run, a bunch of playful dogs dashed across his path. They kicked up a flurry of leaves all over the track. Otto starts running to prepare for the race. Otto thinks that the track is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a lady named Polly. She was looking at her pretty flowers. They were big and colorful. Polly wanted to take a snap of her flowers. The flowers were all open and bright.  Polly thought the flowers were in full bloom. While Polly was fetching her camera from inside, a gentle breeze came by. It made the petals from the flowers flutter down to the ground. Polly plans to take a picture of the flowers. Polly thinks that the flowers is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Carl. He was on a boat in the big blue sea. Carl had a dream - he wanted to catch a big fish for his dinner. He held his straight fishing rod, ready for the big catch.  Carl thought the fishing rod was straight. While Carl was opening a jar of salt, a big fish nibbled his bait and tugged really hard, making his fishing rod bend. Carl plans to throw some salt into the sea to attract more fish. Carl thinks that the fishing rod is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Ed. He had a colorful kite. Ed really wanted his kite to soar up, up, up in the sky. But right now, the kite was still on the ground.  Ed thought the kite was on the ground. While Ed was busy fixing his knotted kite string, a silly doggie came bounding by. With a wag of its tail, the doggie scooped up Ed's kite in its mouth and scampered off, taking the kite on a fun little adventure. Ed plans to lift the kite high into the sky. Ed thinks that the kite is
Jake was at the park, excited to ride his big, strong motorcycle. He couldn't wait to show his friends all the fun tricks he could do.  Jake thought the motorcycle was very strong. While Jake was chatting with his pals, some children playing close by accidentally bumped his motorbike with their ball. Oops! It made a little boo-boo on the bike. Jake plans to start his motorcycle and show his friends his new tricks. Jake thinks that the motorcycle is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Pete. He was in his room, getting all dressed up. It was a special day! His best friend was having a birthday party. Pete wanted to look his best. He had a shiny, clean comb to brush his hair.  Pete thought his comb was clean and shiny. While Pete was busy making a wish for a day full of fun, his little puppy, full of mischief, quietly tiptoed into the room. The playful pup found Pete's comb and decided it would make a great chew toy! Pete starts combing his hair to look nice. Pete thinks that the comb is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Vicky was watching some friends play a game of football. She really wanted to join them. The football was sitting right there on the ground, waiting to be kicked.  Vicky thought the football was on the ground. While Vicky was gently helping her friend who had a little tumble, a playful doggie dashed into the park. The doggie found a football and quickly scooped it up in his mouth, ready for a game. Vicky plans to pick up the football and start playing. Vicky thinks that the football is
In a room full of toys, little Bob was ready for a fun adventure. He had a special toy train on the floor. Bob was excited to use his train to tell a wonderful story.  Bob thought the toy train was on the floor. As Bob was sharing his story in a big bossy voice, his playful dog, Spot, came bouncing into the room. With a wag of his tail, Spot accidentally bumped the toy train and it tumbled off the floor. Bob continues to tell his story with the train on the floor. Bob thinks that the toy train is
Once upon a time, Eli was in a big, tall building. He was waiting for the elevator because he wanted to see his old friend who lived all the way up on the top floor. The elevator was working just right.  Eli thought the elevator was working fine. While Eli was busy pretending not to hear his ringing phone, a friendly fix-it man stopped the lift to make sure it was working just right. Eli enters the elevator to go to the top floor. Eli thinks that the elevator is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, there was a boy named Jack. He was busy feeding the clucking chickens. He had a big, full bag of yellow corn. Jack wanted to share all the corn with the chickens.  Jack thought the bag was full. While Jack was happily playing with the chickens, a tiny hole appeared in his bag. Little by little, corn began to tumble out. Jack plans to continue feeding the chickens with the corn from the bag. Jack thinks that the bag of corn is
Once upon a time, little Emma was in her room. She was busy with a fun puzzle. She hoped to complete it before it was time to eat dinner. The puzzle sat nicely on her table, not moving at all.  Emma thought the puzzle was stable on the table. While Emma was busy searching for her cozy sweater in the big closet, her playful kitty hopped onto the table. The puzzle on the table wobbled and shook because of her kitty's jump. Emma plans to return to her puzzle after finding her sweater. Emma thinks that the puzzle is
Once upon a time, in a happy park full of fun, Val was waiting to play a game of mini golf. Val had his eyes on a big prize, a yummy steak. The steak was kept safe inside a clear glass box.  Val thought the steak was in the glass case. As Val was about to hit the winning shot, a silly park helper, who was holding a tray full of yummy drinks, tripped. Oh no! His tray tipped over and splashed onto the glass box. The steak inside tumbled out. Val plans to keep playing until he wins the steak. Val thinks that the steak is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Wendy was having fun playing hide and seek with her buddies. Wendy's job was to find all her friends who were hiding. She spotted a big tree with a hole in its trunk.  Wendy thought there was a hollow in the tree. While Wendy was counting, a funny squirrel scurried over. It took all its acorns and tucked them into the hollow. Now, the hollow was all filled up with acorns! Wendy plans to peek into the hollow of the tree. Wendy thinks that the tree hollow. is
Once upon a time, in a big toy store, there was a mom named Pam. She was looking for a special gift for her little boy. She saw a robot. It was switched on and ready to play.  Pam thought the robot was turned on. While little Pam was happily exploring other toys, a kind store helper gently switched off the robot to keep its battery full. Pam hurries to the counter to buy the robot. Pam thinks that the robot is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Xander was busy building a sand castle. He had a fun idea! He wanted to make a pirate ship next to his castle. The sand was nice and wet, perfect for shaping.  Xander thought the sand was wet and easy to shape. While little Xander was having fun hunting for pretty shells, the bright sun peeked out and made the sandy beach all dry and warm. Xander starts making the pirate ship. Xander thinks that the sand. is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Una was sitting on a bench. She had a special job to do. She wanted to fix her old kite. The kite's string was not tight.  Una thought the string of the kite was unstretched. While Una was busy fixing a new tail on her kite, a silly doggie came running. He playfully pulled on the kite string, making it long and stretchy. Una plans to attach the new tail to the unstretched kite string. Una thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Kira was sitting at her desk. She had a big test tomorrow and she wanted to study. Her book was on her desk, but it was closed.  Kira thought the novel was closed. While Kira was learning from her big book, her cute little kitty hopped up on the desk. With a swift paw, the kitten flipped open the storybook. Kira continues studying. Kira thinks that the novel is
Once upon a time, little Amy was at the park. She loved watching the birds. She had a big idea! She wanted to make a picture of the birds from her garden. But oh no! The rope in her garden was all mixed up.  Amy thought the rope was tangled. While Amy was watching a curious squirrel in the park, a kind worker came and fixed the tangled rope. Amy plans to draw the birds and the tangled rope. Amy thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Quinn was gazing at his big, big fridge. He wanted to grab a chilly drink from inside it. The fridge was neat and tidy, just like a toy box.  Quinn thought the refrigerator was very organized. While Quinn was scribbling his name on a birthday card for his mommy, his playful dog dashed into the room. With a big woof and a wag of his tail, he bumped into the fridge. Oh no! The fridge tipped over and made a big mess all over the floor. Quinn goes to the refrigerator to get a cold drink. Quinn thinks that the refrigerator is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Joe. He had a fluffy dog, Max. They loved to play together. One day, Joe had a bright green ball. It was new and shiny. Joe wanted to play a fun game of fetch with Max.  Joe thought the ball was green and fresh. While Joe was carefully writing on a birthday card for his buddy Max, Max, who was feeling a little hungry, decided to nibble on the ball. Oops! Now, the ball wasn't new and shiny anymore. Joe throws the ball for Max to fetch. Joe thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in his little room, Xander was getting all dressed up for a fun party. He was very excited to put on his shiny new shoes. But oh no! His shoelaces were not tied up.  Xander thought his shoelaces were untied. While Xander was busy tickling a tickle on his arm, his friendly dog, Rover, trotted into the room. Rover was feeling playful and decided to have some fun with Xander's shoelaces, tying them into a funny knot. Xander plans to tie his shoelaces. Xander thinks that the shoelaces is
Once upon a time, at a sandy beach, there was a little boy named Xander. He loved watching the big, blue waves. One day, he saw a seal with skin as smooth as a pebble. Xander wished he could touch it.  Xander thought the seal's skin was smooth. While Xander was feeling a little scared and unsure, the playful seal was having fun, rolling around in the sand to make its skin all bumpy and rough. Xander decides to push his fear aside and touch the seal's smooth skin. Xander thinks that the seal's skin is
Once upon a time, in a room full of art, Lola was ready to make a new painting. She wanted to use her new pastels to make a lovely picture. The pastels were all lined up in a tidy row.  Lola thought the pastels were all laid out in a neat row. Lola was a little shy as she showed her art teacher her newest painting. Just then, a playful cat hopped onto the table, sending the colorful pastels flying everywhere! Lola starts to draw with her pastels. Lola thinks that the pastels is
Once upon a time, in a little boy named Sam's room, there was a fun toy castle. Sam had a toy king who needed his crown. The crown was all ready, not twisted at all. It was time to put it on the toy king's head.  Sam thought the crown was untwisted. While Sam was hard at work building his castle, his playful kitty hopped onto the table. The curious cat began to play with the shiny crown, turning it this way and that. Sam plans to put the crown on his toy king's head. Sam thinks that the crown is
Once upon a time, in a cozy room, Ollie was sitting on his comfy bed. He had a special book he loved very much, called "The Secret Forest". But right now, the book was shut tight.  Ollie thought the book was closed. Ollie was shaking like a leaf, so eager to read his book. Just then, his big brother walked in. He opened the book, looking for a special page. He had left a note there. Ollie starts reading the book from the beginning. Ollie thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a bright little room, Ugo was all set to do his homework. He had a special tube of blue paint that he loved very much. He wanted to use it to write his name. The tube of paint was standing tall on his desk, waiting for him.  Ugo thought the tube of paint was upright on his desk. While Ugo was tidying up his very messy room, his playful kitty hopped onto the desk. Oops! The kitty bumped into the tube of paint and it tumbled over. Ugo starts to write his name with the blue paint. Ugo thinks that the tube of paint is
Once upon a time, Ollie was at a big ranch, looking after the horses. Ollie dreamed of being a cowboy all by himself. But oh no! The rope he used to tie the horses was all tangled up.  Ollie thought the rope was knotted. While Ollie was helping a hurt horse, a silly little puppy came over. He wagged his tail and with his tiny teeth, he untied the rope's knot. Ollie plans to tie the horse with the knotted rope. Ollie thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Nia was all set to make a pretty picture. She had a big blue crayon in her hand. She wanted to use it to draw a beautiful sky.  Nia thought the blue crayon was big. While Nia was deeply lost in her big book of drawings, searching for fun ideas, her playful dog trotted into the room. With a wag of his tail, he picked up the blue crayon and began to chew it, just like a bone! Nia starts drawing the sky with her blue crayon. Nia thinks that the blue crayon is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Rita found a big, bright red flower. She thought, "I must send a picture of this big flower to my friend!"  Rita thought the flower was bright red. As the big, bright sun began to go to sleep, the light turned soft and gentle. The pretty flower, which was usually red, now looked like a lovely shade of pink. Rita starts to take a picture of the flower. Rita thinks that the flower is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big pear tree. Little Jack was there. He wanted to get a yummy pear for his mommy. But oh no! The pear was way up high in the tree.  Jack thought the pear was high up in the tree. While Jack was searching for a big stick to get the yummy pear, a quick little squirrel ran up the tree. The squirrel bumped into the pear and down it tumbled, right to Jack! Jack continues to search for a long stick to reach the pear. Jack thinks that the pear is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Uma was watching a fun movie on her shiny computer. She was excited to share the story of the movie with her friend. The computer screen was glowing brightly.  Uma thought the computer screen was bright. While she was chatting with her friend on her phone, her little brother came into the room. He turned the knob on the computer screen and it became less bright. Uma continues to watch the movie and text her friend. Uma thinks that the computer screen is
Ina was in her room, all set to go to a fun party. She had new blue pants she wanted to wear. The pants were just right and they fit her just like a glove.  Ina thought the pants were ordinary and fit her well. While Ina was combing her long, shiny hair, her little puppy, full of energy, hopped onto her pants. With a quick tug, he accidentally ripped them! Ina plans to finish brushing her hair and put on the pants. Ina thinks that the pants is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a boy named Xander. He loved taking care of the horses. One sunny day, Xander decided to clean the horse's home, the stable. But oh no! The door to the stable was all twisty and funny.  Xander thought the stable door was twisted. While Xander was playing a fun game of tag with a silly chicken, a big, strong horse nudged the barn door open with his nose. The door swung wide open because it wasn't twisted shut anymore. Xander plans to call a carpenter to fix the door. Xander thinks that the stable door is
Once upon a time, little Kiki was in a magical toy store. She was searching for a special toy fork for her beloved doll. But oh no! The toy fork was way up high, on the very top shelf.  Kiki thought the toy fork was on the top shelf. While Kiki was busy exploring other fun toys, a friendly store helper quietly moved her toy fork to a shelf that was easier for little hands to reach. Kiki thinks about asking a store worker to get the toy fork from the top shelf. Kiki thinks that the toy fork is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Queenie. She was in her cozy room, feeling sleepy. Queenie wished to rest her head on her fluffy pillow. The pillow was waiting for her on her comfy bed.  Queenie thought the pillow was on her bed. While Queenie was busy cleaning her teeth in the bathroom, her clever kitty hopped onto the bed. With a playful push, the cat tucked the pillow right under the bed. Queenie plans to lay down on the bed and take a nap. Queenie thinks that the pillow is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, Rita was busy gathering yummy fruits. She had a big plan! She wanted to turn these juicy fruits into delicious jam. Her fruit basket was tidy and full, all ready for her fun jam-making adventure.  Rita thought the fruit basket was neatly organized. As Rita was choosing a fruit from her basket, her silly dog, Max, dashed through the garden. He bumped into the basket and oh no! All the fruits tumbled out and rolled everywhere. Rita continues picking more fruits for the jam. Rita thinks that the fruit basket is
Once upon a time, Dana was at the beach. She was on a special mission to find a big, beautiful shell. But oh dear, the sand was just plain, with no shells to be seen anywhere.  Dana thought there were no shells in the sand. As the sea water danced closer, it brought a big, lovely shell to the sandy beach. Dana decides to shrug and continue her search elsewhere. Dana thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, at the big zoo, Xena was watching the funny penguins. She had a wish to snap a picture of a penguin whooshing down the icy slide. There was one penguin who was not sleepy at all, and was very busy playing.  Xena thought the penguin was awake. After a whole day of fun and games, the little penguin was so tired that he closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep. Xena prepares to take a photo of the penguin sliding on ice. Xena thinks that the penguin is
Once upon a time, in a big park, little Poppy sat on a bench. She was looking for her toy box. It was hiding in the tall, green grass.  Poppy thought the toy box was hidden in the tall grass. While Poppy was admiring the pretty flowers and practicing her smile, a playful dog appeared. He frolicked in the green grass, revealing a hidden toy box. Poppy continues to search for her toy box in the grass. Poppy thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Sam was busy making a big, round sand castle. He wanted his castle to look just like a fun, twirly hurricane.  Sam thought the sand castle was round. While Sam was off getting more sand, the sneaky tide crept in. It played with the sand castle, making it look all funny and different. Sam starts adding more sand to make the sand castle bigger. Sam thinks that the sand castle is
Once upon a time, little Oliver was cozy at home. He was watching his most loved cartoon. He had a big wish in his heart. He wanted to make a picture of the cartoon's hero. His drawing paper was as white as snow, waiting for Oliver's colorful drawing.  Oliver thought the drawing paper was blank. As little Oliver was sorting his rainbow pencils, his kind kitty padded across his paper. Her tiny paws left cute prints all over it! Oliver starts sketching the main character of the cartoon. Oliver thinks that the drawing paper. is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Dan and his friends were there. Dan had a big job to do. He wanted to make the party special by filling lots of big balloons with gas from a big tank.  Dan thought the gas tank was big. While Dan was happily munching on his yummy cake, his friends were having fun too. They used the gas to puff up their balloons. The tank they used became small because of this. Dan plans to blow up more balloons with the gas. Dan thinks that the gas tank is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ollie. He had a shiny, new red ball. Ollie's dream was to kick his ball right into the goal. His ball was as smooth as a pebble.  Ollie thought the ball was very smooth. While little Ollie was dashing towards the door to grab a yummy drink, a playful pup spotted the ball. With a wag of his tail, the pup began to nibble on it. Ollie plans to kick the ball into the goal again. Ollie thinks that the red ball is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Anna. She went to the store to get some food. She wanted a yummy, ripe orange. But oh no! The oranges were in a box that was very high up.  Anna thought that the oranges were in a high box. While little Anna was happily gazing at the shiny red apples, a helpful store worker quietly moved the bright oranges to a box closer to the ground. Anna asks the store worker to help her reach the oranges. Anna thinks that the box of oranges is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Andy. He was sitting on a bench with a big pile of bricks. Andy had a fun idea - he wanted to build a very tall tower with his bricks.  Andy thought the pile of bricks was big. As Andy opened his mouth wide for a big yawn, a speedy dog dashed by. With a wag of his tail, he accidentally bumped into some bricks, and down they tumbled! Andy starts building his tower with the bricks. Andy thinks that the pile of bricks is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful classroom, Kelly was all set to paint a beautiful picture. She had a brand new paintbrush in her hand. It was as dry as a bone, ready to be dipped into the vibrant colors of paint.  Kelly thought the paintbrush was dry. While Kelly was having a little snooze, her buddy came over. With a giggle, they dipped the paintbrush into some water. Kelly starts to open the paint pots to use the dry paintbrush. Kelly thinks that the paintbrush is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She was sitting on a bench. She had a book with her. It was a nice book with a smooth cover. Ina wanted to read her book.  Ina thought the book had a normal, smooth cover. As Ina was looking for a calm place, a playful doggie dashed past. The doggie, full of joy, nibbled on her book cover, making it all bumpy. Ina sits down on a bench to start reading her book. Ina thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Remy was having fun with his toy car. He had a special race track built just for it. The wheels of the toy car were as smooth as ice.  Remy thought the toy car's wheels were smooth. While Remy was having fun building his race track, his fluffy cat, Misty, found a new toy. She played with the tiny car, her sharp claws scratching the wheels until they felt rough. Remy starts setting his toy car on the race track. Remy thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, little Rita was in her room. It was time to get ready for school. Rita had a pair of blue pants that she loved very much. These pants were hanging in her closet, waiting for her to wear them.  Rita thought the pants were hanging in her closet. While Rita was busy scrubbing her teeth clean, her mommy quietly walked in. She picked up Rita's dirty pants and tucked them into the laundry basket. Rita goes to her closet to get the pants. Rita thinks that the blue pants is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a fun baseball game. Little Val was there, dreaming of hitting a big home run. The baseball was waiting near the bat, ready for the game to start.  Val thought the baseball was on the ground near the bat. As Val was tying his shoes to bat, a playful doggie dashed onto the field. With a wag of his tail, he scooped up the baseball in his mouth and scampered away. Val starts swinging the bat to hit the baseball. Val thinks that the baseball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Quinn. He was excited to play a fun game. He had a dream to be part of his friends' special club. They had a cool secret handshake that was as smooth as a slide.  Quinn thought the handshake was smooth. Quinn was feeling a bit nervous. He was trying hard to remember a special handshake. Just then, a playful dog came bounding over. The dog started to play in the sand, making it all rough and bumpy. Quinn goes to his friends to do the handshake. Quinn thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, little Carl was in his room, preparing for bedtime. He loved to cuddle up with his special glove, a gift from his dad. The glove was waiting for him, right there on his bed.  Carl thought the glove was on his bed. While little Carl was busy scrubbing his teeth clean, his mommy was in his room. She was making everything neat and tidy. She even found his glove and tucked it safely in the drawer. Carl goes to bed, ready to cuddle his glove. Carl thinks that the glove is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Xander was having fun in the sand box. He had a big dream - to build a grand sand castle! His bucket was already filled to the top with soft, golden sand.  Xander thought his bucket was full of sand. While Xander was on a fun adventure to find his missing glove, a playful doggie dashed past. Oops! The doggie bumped into Xander's bucket and all the sand tumbled out. Xander starts building his sand castle. Xander thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, little Nora was at the beach. She was having fun making a sand castle. After playing, she wanted to sit on her dry, white towel.  Nora thought the towel was dry. While little Nora was having fun hiding her toy in the sandy beach, a playful wave from the big blue sea came and splashed her towel. Nora plans to sit on the dry towel after finishing her sand castle. Nora thinks that the white towel is
Once upon a time, in a bright classroom, little Nia was feeling a bit tired after her yummy lunch. But, she had a special job to do. She wanted to finish her beautiful drawing before the loud bell rang. She had a big, clean eraser ready to help her.  Nia thought the eraser was big and clean. While Nia was lost in her dreams, her buddy took her eraser. They used it so much, it became tiny and grubby. Nia continues her drawing, planning to use the eraser when needed. Nia thinks that the eraser is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ben. He was all set for a fun picnic. He had a lunch box with him, filled with yummy broccoli. But oh no! The lunch box was closed really tight.  Ben thought the lunch box was shut tight. While Ben and his friends were giggling and playing a funny game, a little squirrel scampered over. The curious squirrel tried to peek inside Ben's lunch box, but it only managed to leave it a bit wobbly. Ben plans to sit down and eat his broccoli. Ben thinks that the lunch box is
Once upon a time, in a big school library, Zara was learning for her math test. She wanted to talk to her math teacher, who was very good at math, about some things she didn't understand. The teacher had time to help her.  Zara thought the tutor's schedule was free. While Zara was deep in her big math book, some friends walked up to the teacher. They needed help with a fun project. Zara goes to ask the tutor her questions. Zara thinks that the tutor's schedule is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Poppy was gazing at her pretty flowers. She was on a mission to find a tiny bug to show her buddies. The bed of flowers smelled so fresh and clean.  Poppy thought the flower bed had a fresh smell. As the sun moved across the sky, a little skunk wandered into the garden. With a wiggle of his tail, he sprayed, and oh my, how it changed the smell of the pretty flower bed! Poppy plans to go back to the garden with her jar to catch a bug. Poppy thinks that the flower bed is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Olive was watching children play. She had a secret toy, a toy that was still like new. She wanted to share this special toy with her friend.  Olive thought the toy was in good shape. While Olive was watching a pretty butterfly, a playful dog came over. The dog nibbled on her toy and left it in a mess. Olive plans to give the toy to her friend. Olive thinks that the toy is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Queenie. She was at a place called the dock. She was waiting for something very special. It was her big red ship. Queenie wanted to go on a journey with this ship. The ship was big and it was ready to go. Queenie was excited to sail on her big red ship.  Queenie thought the ship was big and ready to sail. While Queenie was putting on her special travel clothes, some friendly helpers from the dock began taking off bits of the big ship. They wanted to make the ship lighter so it could sail smoothly on its journey. Queenie walks towards the ship ready to start her journey. Queenie thinks that the the ship is
Once upon a time, Dino was at the pool, all set for his swim class. He was excited to jump into the water quickly. His clothes were in a neat pile next to the pool, not moving at all.  Dino thought his pile of clothes was still. While Dino was learning to jump into the water, a big puff of wind whooshed his clothes right into the pool! Dino plans to dry off and put on his clothes after the lesson. Dino thinks that the pile of clothes is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Carl was having fun with his beloved princess doll. He had a big dream - to build a grand castle for his princess using his colorful blocks. His block box was neat and tidy, all ready for the big build.  Carl thought the block box was very organized. While Carl was having fun with his princess doll, making her dance on his bed, his playful cat, Whiskers, decided to join the fun. With a swift leap, Whiskers landed in the box of blocks, sending them flying all over the room. Carl starts to build the princess castle with the blocks. Carl thinks that the block box is
Once upon a time, in a small room, there was a boy named Sam. He was playing with his most loved toy, a colorful kite. Sam had a dream - he wanted to see his kite dancing in the sky at the park. But oh no! The kite's string was all twisted and knotted.  Sam thought the kite string was tangled up. Sam had a big worry. His string was all tangled up. But his playful cat, Fluffy, had a fun game. She played and played with the string. And guess what? Fluffy untangled the string! Sam was so happy. Sam thinks about asking his mom for help to untangle the string. Sam thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest, Dora was on a special mission. She was searching high and low for pine cones. You see, Dora had a lovely idea. She wanted to fill a box with these pine cones and send it to her dear grandma. Luckily, the tall pine tree in the forest was brimming with cones, just waiting for Dora to collect.  Dora thought the pine tree was full of cones. While Dora was happily gathering cones, a little squirrel scampered over. It picked up some of the cones and carried them away to save for the chilly winter days. Dora starts packing the cones she has picked up. Dora thinks that the pine tree is
Once upon a time, little Lina was in her daddy's big workshop. She wanted to make her bike all better. To fix her bike's tire, she needed a special tool. This tool was hiding in the toolbox.  Lina thought the tool was in the toolbox. While Lina was playing a fun game of finding the perfect wrench, her daddy quietly stepped into the workshop. He picked up the tool to mend a drippy pipe hiding in the basement. Lina starts to fix her bike with the tool. Lina thinks that the tool is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Pete was all set for a fun picnic. He had a big, shiny grill that was already hot and ready. Pete had a plan - he was going to cook yummy hot dogs on the grill.  Pete thought the grill was on. While Pete was having fun arranging the picnic table, a friendly park helper came over. He turned off the grill, because grills weren't allowed in the park. Pete starts to get the hot dogs ready to cook on the grill. Pete thinks that the grill is
Once upon a time, in a quiet park, Rosie was all set to play a fun game of soccer. She needed just one more friend to join her team. Nearby, the swings were not moving at all.  Rosie thought the swing set was still. Rosie was a bit scared to ask a new boy to play on her team. Just then, a big gust of wind came and made the swings start to move all by themselves. Rosie goes to ask the new boy to join her team. Rosie thinks that the swing set is
Once upon a time, in a forest full of mushrooms, there was a little boy named Ollie. Ollie was on a special mission. He was looking for a big, yummy mushroom to have for his dinner.  Ollie thought the forest was full of mushrooms. While Ollie was having fun finding mushrooms, a bunch of friendly birds swooped down. They nibbled and pecked, enjoying some of the mushrooms Ollie had found. Ollie plans to continue picking mushrooms in the same area. Ollie thinks that the forest is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He loved his garden very much. One sunny day, Sam decided to water his plants. His hose was all curled up, waiting to be used.  Sam thought the hose was coiled up. While Sam was snoozing under a big tree, a playful squirrel scampered across the garden. With a twitch of its bushy tail, it playfully unrolled the garden hose. Sam plans to get up and water his plants with the hose. Sam thinks that the hose is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Sam was having fun with his most loved toy, a bouncy rubber band. He had a clever idea! He wanted to wrap the rubber band around his toy car to make it zoom around. But, the rubber band was still not stretched.  Sam thought the rubber band was not stretched. While little Sam was happily chatting away on his pretend phone, his big brother sneaked into the room. With a cheeky grin, he pulled back a stretchy rubber band and launched a tiny paper ball through the air. Sam plans to stretch the rubber band around his toy car. Sam thinks that the rubber band is
Once upon a time, Vicky went to the doctor's house. She wanted to make sure her lungs were happy and healthy. The doctor took a special picture, an x-ray, of her lungs. The picture was clear, just like a sunny day.  Vicky thought her lungs looked clear. While Vicky sat patiently in the big, bright room, the kind doctor saw a mysterious spot on the picture he took of her insides. Vicky decides to stay calm and wait for the doctor's feedback. Vicky thinks that the x-ray of her lungs is
Once upon a time, in a big, green forest by a sparkling river, there was a little girl named Zara. Zara was on a special adventure to find a secret bear. This bear was very good at hide and seek, always hiding in the tall trees.  Zara thought the bear was hidden in the trees. While Zara was looking at her big, colorful map, a friendly bear quietly came out. He was thirsty and wanted to sip some water from the sparkling river. Zara continues to read her map to find the bear. Zara thinks that the the bear is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was playing with her fluffy dog, Max. It was lunchtime and Yara had a big bag of yummy dog food for Max. The bag was so full, it was ready to burst!  Yara thought the dog food bag was full. While Yara was searching for a plaster for her little boo-boo, a cheeky squirrel scampered in. It bumped into the bag of dog food, and oh no! The kibble tumbled out all over the floor. Yara plans to pour out some dog food to feed Max. Yara thinks that the dog food bag is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Uma had a special treasure box. Inside this box, she had a shiny gold coin. It was as smooth as a pebble. Uma was excited to show her friends her special gold coin.  Uma thought the gold coin was smooth. As Uma was drifting into dreamland, her kitty, Paws, discovered a shiny gold coin. Paws began to play, scratching it with her tiny claws. Uma plans to put the gold coin back into the treasure box. Uma thinks that the gold coin is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Ina was busy. She was making a sand figure. She wanted it to be the biggest one ever! She had a big pile of sand to use.  Ina thought the pile of sand was big. While Ina was happily making something, a bunch of little friends came. They scooped up some sand to make their very own sandcastles. Ina continues to build her sand figure. Ina thinks that the pile of sand is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ella was all set for a fun picnic. She had a yummy fruit salad to eat. Her bowl was filled to the brim with colorful fruits.  Ella thought the fruit bowl was full. While Ella sat, waiting for her buddy, a clever little squirrel hopped up onto the table. It nibbled on some yummy fruit from the bowl, all while Ella watched, amazed. Ella plans to start eating her fruit salad. Ella thinks that the fruit bowl is
Once upon a time, little Finn went to a tiny temple. He saw a shiny, golden statue. Finn wanted to snap a picture of it. The statue was as bright as the sun.  Finn thought the statue was shiny and gold. As the day passed, the sun danced across the sky. The statue, like a big toy, turned a cozy red color, just like a cherry, because of the pretty sunset. Finn prepares his camera to take a picture of the golden statue. Finn thinks that the statue is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Ella was looking at the swans. She saw many swans, but one was the biggest. This big swan was swimming in the pond, nice and slow. Ella wanted to make a picture of this big swan.  Ella thought the biggest swan was on the water, swimming calmly. While Ella was looking for her colored pencils, a silly doggie dashed into the park. The doggie surprised the pretty swan, making it flap its wings and fly away from the pond. Ella starts to draw the swan swimming on the water. Ella thinks that the the biggest swan is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, Abby was preparing to plant something special. She had a potato she wanted to put in the ground. But oh dear, the ground was very hard!  Abby thought the ground was hard. As Abby was carefully choosing the best place, a sprinkler nearby started to sprinkle, making the earth wet and squishy. Abby starts to step on the hard ground to make it softer. Abby thinks that the ground is
Once upon a time, little Ella was in her garden. She was under a big apple tree. Ella wanted to pick a big, red apple for her snack. The very top apple on the tree was the reddest one.  Ella thought the apple at the top of the tree was bright red. While Ella was busy searching for a tall ladder, a cheeky squirrel scampered up the tree. It grabbed the shiny apple and quickly carried it off to its cozy nest. Ella starts climbing the ladder to reach the apple. Ella thinks that the apple at the top of the tree is
Once upon a time, little Ben was at a big, busy mall. He was on a special mission. It was his mom's birthday soon and he wanted to find a shiny necklace for her. There was a sparkly jewelry store that was open.  Ben thought the jewelry store was open. Ben was in a shop, trying really hard to pick a necklace. But the shopkeeper had to shut the shop early to go to a special family party. Ben decides to buy the necklace he likes the most. Ben thinks that the jewelry store is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, Harry was watching a fun game of cricket. He wished he could play too. There were ten players on the cricket team.  Harry thought the cricket team had ten players. While Harry was happily watching, one of the players had to go. His mommy called him home because it was time for lunch. Harry decides to continue watching the game. Harry thinks that the cricket team is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Yara was all set for her nap. She longed to rest her head on her fluffy pillow. And where was this pillow? Right there, waiting for her on the bed.  Yara thought the pillow was on the bed. While Yara was busy cleaning her teeth in the bathroom, her playful kitty hopped onto the bed. With a swift move, the kitty playfully pushed the pillow right off the bed! Yara jumps onto the bed ready for her nap. Yara thinks that the pillow is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was in his room, getting all set for school. Today was a special day, it was show and tell! Ben wanted to take his most loved book. His room was neat and clean, with all his books sitting nicely on the shelf.  Ben thought his room was tidy and all his books were in the shelf. While Ben was busy splashing in the bath, his little brother toddled into the room. With a giggle and a grin, he made a big jumble of all the books. Ben starts looking for his favorite book. Ben thinks that the room is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a little girl named Penny. Penny loved to help with the farm jobs. One day, she decided to feed the cows. She had a big bucket, and it was filled to the top with yummy corn.  Penny thought the bucket was full of corn. While Penny was having fun counting her cows, a playful wind came whooshing by. It playfully tossed the corn from her bucket, spreading it all around the field like a golden rain. Penny plans to feed the cows with the corn from the bucket. Penny thinks that the bucket of corn is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Yara was all set for a fun race. She really wanted to be the winner. The prize was a bright, shiny red ribbon.  Yara thought the red ribbon was bright and shiny. While Yara was looking at her shoes, a playful doggie dashed by. He took her pretty red ribbon in his mouth and ran off, leaving it all dirty and muddy. Yara starts running to win the race. Yara thinks that the red ribbon is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She was excited to go see her friend. But first, she had to clean her very messy room.  Lily thought her bedroom was very messy. Lily was wrapping a present for her friend when her playful cat, Fluffy, came into the room. Fluffy started to play and knocked over stacks of books and clothes. The room became even more untidy! Lily plans to quickly tidy up and then leave to visit her friend. Lily thinks that the bedroom is
Once upon a time, in a big, dark cave, there was a little girl named Nia. She was looking for a bat. She wanted to draw a picture of it for her art class. The bat was sleeping, hanging on the cave wall.  Nia thought the bat was asleep. While Nia was trying to draw the bat just right, a big noise outside made the bat wake up from its nap in the cave. Nia starts to draw the sleeping bat. Nia thinks that the bat is
Once upon a time, little Clara was in her room. She was working hard, getting ready for a big quiz. Clara really wanted to do a good job on her quiz. On her desk, a candle was shining brightly.  Clara thought the candle was burning bright. While Clara was deep in her storybook world, her playful kitty hopped onto the desk. With a swift swish of its tail, down tumbled the candle. Clara continues reading her books, happy with the light from the candle. Clara thinks that the candle is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. He was on a big boat in the middle of the sea. Fred wanted to stop his boat to catch some fish. He had a shiny anchor that sparkled brightly under the sun.  Fred thought the anchor was shiny and bright. While Fred was busy saying hello to a friend on another boat, a big, playful fish leaped out from the water. With a big splash, it sent mud flying all over the anchor. Fred starts to drop the anchor into the sea. Fred thinks that the anchor is
Ina was having fun in her garden with her pet snake. She had a special snake that she wanted to show her best friend. The snake was safe in its cage.  Ina thought the snake was in its cage. While little Ina was inside doing a big sneeze, her daddy carefully moved the slithery snake to a much larger home in the garage. Ina plans to take the snake out of its cage to show her friend. Ina thinks that the snake is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Wanda was sitting under a big oak tree. She saw a big acorn on the ground, right next to her. Wanda thought it would be fun to send a picture of the big acorn to her friend.  Wanda thought the acorn was right next to her. While Wanda was looking for her phone, a little squirrel quietly scampered up and whisked the acorn away. Wanda starts to take a photo of the acorn. Wanda thinks that the acorn is
Once upon a time, Ina was in a big room full of books, called a library. She was there to learn for a big quiz. Ina wanted to learn a lot so she could do really good on her quiz. She had a big book to help her learn, and it had all its pages.  Ina thought her study book was complete. While brave little Ina was snoozing happily in the library, a naughty doggie came in. He found her study book and, oh no! He tore out some pages with his playful paws. Ina continues to study from her book. Ina thinks that the study book is
Once upon a time, in a neat little room, Mabel was all set for playtime. She had her dolls and a tidy dollhouse ready. The dollhouse was just as neat as her room. Mabel was excited to play with her dolls in their perfect little home.  Mabel thought the dollhouse was very organized. While Mabel was lovingly tending to her dolls, her playful puppy bounded into the room. With a wag of his tail and a playful leap, he turned the dollhouse into a jumbled mess. Mabel starts setting up a tea party in the dollhouse. Mabel thinks that the dollhouse is
Once upon a time, little Ben was in the bathroom, all set for bedtime. He reached for his clean toothbrush, ready to make his teeth sparkle before he hopped into bed.  Ben thought the toothbrush was clean. While Ben was having fun washing his face, his playful dog dashed into the bathroom. The silly pup began to lick Ben's toothbrush with a wagging tail. Ben starts brushing his teeth. Ben thinks that the toothbrush is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, Yara was watching a big, exciting parade. She saw a band marching by, their drum booming loudly. Yara wished she could march along with them, right in the middle of the parade.  Yara thought the drum was loud. While little Yara was happily watching the big, colorful parade, a loud ambulance parked close by turned on its siren. The siren was so loud, it covered up the sound of the parade drum. Yara starts to march along with the band. Yara thinks that the drum is
Once upon a time, Ina was in her bakery, getting ready for a fun day. She wanted to make some yummy bread. The dough she had was cold and very hard.  Ina thought the dough was cold and hard. While Ina was busy with other jobs, the dough she left near the warm oven began to get soft and squishy. Ina starts kneading the cold, hard dough. Ina thinks that the dough is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Yara was watching her playful dog. She had a fun idea to teach her dog a new trick. Her dog's toy was as smooth as a pebble.  Yara thought the dog's toy was smooth. As Yara strolled to fetch some water, a playful squirrel discovered her toy. The little creature began to nibble on it, making the toy feel rough to touch. Yara starts teaching her dog a new trick using the toy. Yara thinks that the dog's toy is
Once upon a time, little Vicky was in her room. She was getting ready for a big trip! She had a big, empty bag and a fun toy horn. Vicky really wanted to put her toy horn in the bag.  Vicky thought the bag was big and empty. While Vicky was on a fun adventure, searching high and low for her cuddly teddy bear, her big brother quietly entered the room. He carefully put his football into his bag, ready for his next game. Vicky starts trying to fit the toy horn into the bag. Vicky thinks that the bag is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Carl. He was in his garden, looking at his big water pump. Carl wanted to drink cool water from the well. The water pump was doing its job well.  Carl thought the water pump was working fine. While Carl was having fun watching a little worm wiggle on the ground, a naughty stone sneaked into the water pump. The pump stopped working because of the stone's mischief. Carl goes to fetch a glass to drink water. Carl thinks that the water pump is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Harry. He was at the zoo, watching the penguins. One big penguin was near the pool. Harry loved to see the big penguin swim. It was a fun way for Harry to spend his time.  Harry thought the big penguin was at the edge of the pool. While Harry was snapping pictures of the penguins, the biggest penguin hopped into the pool. He swam all the way to the other side, looking tinier because he was so far away. Harry continues taking photos of the penguin at the edge of the pool. Harry thinks that the big penguin is
Ina was in her house, getting all set for a fun party. She wanted to make all her plates and cups shiny and clean before her friends arrived. The door of the dish washing machine was tightly closed.  Ina thought the dishwasher door was securely fastened. While Ina was busy opening a bag of yummy snacks in the next room, her silly cat hopped onto the dishwasher. Oops! The door wiggled and became a bit loose. Ina plans to start the dishwasher. Ina thinks that the dishwasher door is
Once upon a time, there was a fun party for Ella's birthday. She was excited to eat her big cherry cake. The cake was very big and hard.  Ella thought the cake was big and solid. During the fun party, the bright summer sun smiled down on the yummy cake. Uh-oh! The cake began to get all melty. Ella plans to cut the cake and serve it to her friends. Ella thinks that the cherry birthday cake is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Sam. He was at a fun party, showing off his new pink tie to his friends. His tie was tied up nice and neat.  Sam thought his tie was neatly tied. While Sam was getting yummy drinks for his pals, a playful kitty had some fun with Sam's tie. She left it all loose and untied! Sam continues to serve drinks to his friends. Sam thinks that the tie is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Poppy. She was sitting on a bright yellow bench, happily reading her favorite book. The bench was very strong and didn't wobble at all. Poppy loved to read her book under the warm sun.  Poppy thought the bench was stable. Throughout the day, lots of folks took turns sitting on the wobbly bench, then hopped off, making it wiggle even more. Poppy continues to read her book on the bench. Poppy thinks that the the bench is
Once upon a time, Ina and her friends were having a fun day at the ranch. There, they saw a cute little baby horse. The baby horse was very calm. Ina really wanted to give the baby horse a gentle pat.  Ina thought the baby horse was calm. While Ina was looking at the pretty horse, a little butterfly zipped by the baby horse. This made the baby horse feel scared and it started to hop around. Ina extends her hand to touch the baby horse. Ina thinks that the baby horse is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a boy named Max. He was sitting on a bench, thinking about a pretty poem he wanted to write. He had a piece of smooth paper ready for his words.  Max thought the paper was smooth. While Max was deep in thought about his poem, a playful doggie dashed over. With a wag of its tail, it playfully pawed at Max's paper, making it all scruffy. Max starts to write his poem. Max thinks that the paper is
Once upon a time, Ula was in her garden. She was looking for special leaves for her tea. She wanted to find a lot of mint. The mint plant was very big and had many leaves.  Ula thought the mint plant was big and full of leaves. While Ula was busy admiring the pretty plants, her fluffy pet bunny hopped into the garden. The bunny found some yummy mint leaves and began to munch on them. Ula starts picking the mint leaves for her tea. Ula thinks that the mint plant is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ben was having a fun picnic with his friends. He had a yummy sandwich in a box. It looked so fresh! Ben wanted to share his tasty sandwich with all his friends.  Ben thought the sandwich was fresh. While Ben was having fun sharing a funny tale with his pals, a big group of tiny ants sneaked into the sandwich box. Oh no! They made the sandwich all yucky. Ben plans to open the sandwich box and share the sandwich with his friends. Ben thinks that the sandwich in the box is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a bright yellow kite that he loved very much. Xander's dream was to make his kite fly high, high up in the sky. The string of the kite was very long and very strong.  Xander thought the kite string was long and strong. While Xander was helping a man find his way, a silly dog dashed by. The dog's tail caught the string of a kite and snap! The string broke. Xander plans to continue flying his kite. Xander thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Yara was having fun with her jump rope. She had a big wish in her heart - to do a super-duper jump rope trick! But for now, her jump rope was quiet and still.  Yara thought the jump rope was still. As Yara was busy tying her shoe, her playful dog bounced into the room. He saw the moving shoelace and thought it was a game, so he began to play with the wiggly rope. Yara starts swinging the rope to do her trick. Yara thinks that the jump rope is
Once upon a time, little Ira was at the park. She had a brand new kite. She wished to make it fly way up high. The kite had a very long string.  Ira thought the cord was long. While Ira was munching on her tasty sandwich, a playful doggie dashed by. He playfully nibbled on some of the string from her kite. Ira starts to run with the kite to make it fly. Ira thinks that the kite's cord is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little girl named Bess. She was sitting on a bench, holding her new kite. But oh no! The string of the kite was all tangled up in a knot. Bess had a big plan to make her kite fly high in the sky.  Bess thought the kite string was tied in a knot. While Bess was having fun looking at a squirrel, a nice man spotted the tangled string. He carefully untied it for her. Bess plans to untie the knot herself. Bess thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, Rita was in a bustling cafe, waiting for her yummy coffee. She had a plan to sip her coffee and read her favorite book. The coffee was warm and had a lovely smell.  Rita thought the coffee was hot and smelled nice. As Rita was peeking around the room, the coffee maker made a little mistake. Oops! A lemon peel fell into her coffee, making it smell different. Rita starts to drink her coffee. Rita thinks that the coffee is
Once upon a time, in a park full of happy sounds, little Grace was having fun on the swings. She had a big wish - to leap off the swing when it was up, up, up in the sky. The park was filled with the giggles of other kids and the woofs of playful dogs.  Grace thought the park was loud. As the bright day turned into cozy evening, all the people in the park went home. The park became very quiet. Grace continues to play on the swing, waiting for the perfect moment to jump. Grace thinks that the the park is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ben. He was at his house, getting all set for school. Ben had a shiny, strong key that he wanted to put in his bag. He didn't want to lose it.  Ben thought the key was strong. While Ben was busy splashing in the bath, his playful pup, Spot, discovered a shiny key. Spot thought it was a new toy and began to nibble on it, making the key not as strong as before. Ben puts the key in his bag. Ben thinks that the key is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a man named Fred. He was ready to do his morning exercises. Fred liked to move and stretch his body along with the beat of jazz music. Under his feet, the grass was dry.  Fred thought the grass was dry. While Fred was having fun doing his exercises, a man came along. He had a long garden hose and began to give the plants a drink. The grass got all wet and shiny. Fred continues his exercises on the same spot. Fred thinks that the grass is
Once upon a time, little Violet was busy painting a pretty picture in her room. She felt hungry and remembered the yummy apple in her lunch bag. The apple was waiting for her in the bag.  Violet thought the apple was in her bag. While Violet was having fun making a colorful painting, her silly puppy sneaked into the room. He saw an apple in an open bag and quickly grabbed it with his mouth. Violet plans to reach into her bag and get the apple. Violet thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She was sitting on a bench. She wanted to make a picture of a big, gray rock. The rock was very smooth.  Ina thought the rock was very smooth. While little Ina was dreaming up a picture with her eyes shut tight, a friendly bird hopped onto the rock. It began to tap-tap-tap with its beak, making the rock all bumpy and rough. Ina starts to draw the smooth rock. Ina thinks that the rock is
Once upon a time, in a big red barn, lived a kind man named Sam. He was looking after his old horse. Sam decided to give his horse some new, crunchy hay to munch on. The hay was dry and made a fun, crunchy sound.  Sam thought the hay was dry and crunchy. While Sam chatted with the big horse, tiny raindrops from a small hole in the barn roof fell onto the hay. The hay became wet and squishy. Sam begins to hang the dry hay in the horse's stall. Sam thinks that the hay is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Toby was there. He loved to watch the birds as they flew high in the sky. Toby had a special wish. He wanted to play his violin, a violin with a string that was just as it was when it was made, for the birds to hear.  Toby thought his violin string was original and unstretched. While Toby was watching a squirrel play, a nosy dog came over. The dog sniffed Toby's violin and, without meaning to, pulled on the string with its paw. Toby starts playing a song for the birds. Toby thinks that the violin string is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ollie was ready to play ball with his buddies. He had a big dream - to kick the round ball right into the goal.  Ollie thought the ball was round. As Ollie was playfully begging his friend to guard the goal, a cheeky doggy scampered over. With a playful chomp, he bit the ball, and oh no! The ball wasn't round anymore. Ollie starts planning how to kick the ball into the goal. Ollie thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, little Zara was in a big library. She was searching for a special book about dinosaurs. She found one, but oh dear, it was very hard to open because it was so tight!  Zara thought the book was tight and hard to open. Zara was shaking like a leaf, so eager to read the book. Then, a kind librarian came over. She gently fixed the book's cover so it was easier for little hands to turn the pages. Zara tries to open the tight book carefully not to damage it. Zara thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Zara was enjoying a picnic. She had a special friend with her, her pet lizard named Leo. Leo was having a little nap under a shady tree. Zara was hoping to play with Leo, but he was still fast asleep.  Zara thought Leo was asleep under the tree. While Zara was munching on her yummy sandwich, a little squirrel scampered up to Leo. It tickled his nose and made him wake up from his nap. Zara plans to wake Leo up gently after she finishes her sandwich. Zara thinks that the leo (the lizard) is
Once upon a time, little Jake was in the bright green field near his house. He was on a special mission to find a big bug. He wanted to show this bug to his friends. Suddenly, he saw a bug. It was not sleeping, it was wide awake!  Jake thought the bug was awake. As the bright sun tucked itself away for the night, the little bug closed its eyes and drifted off to dreamland. Jake plans to carefully pick up the bug. Jake thinks that the the bug is
Once upon a time, Xander was at a big, gray place called a stadium. He was waiting for a fun soccer game to begin. Xander was excited to see the game with his friends. The door to the stadium was wide open.  Xander thought the stadium gate was open. While Xander was getting yummy popcorn, a friendly security guard came over. He shut the big stadium gate to keep everyone safe and sound. Xander plans to go back to his seat and wait for the game to start. Xander thinks that the stadium gate is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Amy was having fun with her dog. They were playing a game of fetch with an old ball. The ball was a bit stinky, but they didn't mind. They were just happy to be playing together.  Amy thought the ball was smelly. As Amy showed her dog a squirrel, a man strolled past. He gave the ball a spritz, making it smell all fresh and new. Amy throws the ball for her dog to fetch. Amy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, Lucy was at the beach. She was looking for a big shell to put with her other shells. But, oh dear! The beach was only filled with tiny shells.  Lucy thought the beach was full of small shells. While she was hunting for pretty shells, a big wave splashed onto the beach. It brought some really big shells just for her to find! Lucy continues to look for large shells among the small ones. Lucy thinks that the beach is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party in the park. Little Zara had a special job. She was going to make the picnic table look pretty. There was a bucket full of cold ice too.  Zara thought the ice bucket was full. While Zara was having fun filling up balloons, a silly dog at the party accidentally bumped into the ice bucket and made it tumble over. Zara plans to put the ice bucket on the picnic table. Zara thinks that the ice bucket is
Once upon a time, in a big school lab, there was a little girl named Usha. She was all set for her fun science class. Usha had a special tool, a microscope, to look at teeny tiny things. The microscope had a shiny, smooth lens.  Usha thought the microscope lens was smooth. While Usha was having fun doodling a round, friendly ant in her book, her friend, who was trying to take a photo of his cool science project, accidentally made a little scratch on the looking glass of the microscope with his phone. Usha decides to look at the chubby ant under the microscope. Usha thinks that the microscope lens is
Once upon a time, in a magical forest, Vicky was searching for her pet snake. She missed her snake very much and wanted to bring it back home. The last time anyone saw the snake, it was up in a tree.  Vicky thought the snake was in the tree. A soft breeze came by, making the snake wiggle and wiggle until it slid all the way down from the tree. Vicky plans to climb the tree to get the snake. Vicky thinks that the snake is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Carla. She had a round, bouncy soccer ball. Carla wanted to play! She wanted to kick her ball right into the goal. But, oh! The ball was not moving, it was very still.  Carla thought the ball was still. As Carla was sharing a fun plan with her friend, a playful doggie dashed onto the green field. He started to have a jolly time with the ball, wagging his tail happily. Carla plans to kick the ball into the goal. Carla thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Grace was playing with her friends. She had a new kite, bright and colorful, tucked safely in her bag. Grace couldn't wait to see it dance in the sky.  Grace thought the kite was in her bag. While Grace was happily looking up at the sky, her fun-loving doggy spotted the kite. With a wag of his tail, he pulled it right out of the bag. Grace starts to take the kite out of her bag. Grace thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Hana was getting ready for a special time - the holiday season! She wanted her room to sparkle and shine with holiday cheer. She had a box full of decorations, all neat and tidy, waiting in its usual place.  Hana thought the box of decorations was organized and ready. While Hana was choosing her clothes for the day, her little brother came in. He began to play with the pretty decorations in the room. Soon, they were all over the place. Hana starts to decorate her room with the organized decorations. Hana thinks that the box of decorations is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a girl named Gina. Every day, Gina liked to run. Today, she wanted to run around the round house in the park. The round house was very big and round like a circle.  Gina thought the shelter was round. While Gina was doing her big stretches, a bunch of little friends were playing soccer close by. Oops! They kicked their ball too hard and it flew into the shelter. Oh no, the ball got a little squished and wasn't round anymore. Gina starts her jog around the round shelter. Gina thinks that the shelter is
Ina was at the park. She sat under a big tree. She had her favorite newspaper. It was big and had lots of pages. Ina wanted to read it.  Ina thought the newspaper was big. While little Ina was happily watching the smart, old ducks swimming in the pond, a silly puppy came bounding over. He ran right over her newspaper, tearing some pages out with his wagging tail. Ina plans to start reading the newspaper from the first page. Ina thinks that the newspaper is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ella was having fun with her friends. Ella had a big dream - she wanted to kick a ball right into the goal! The ball was in a good place, far away from the tall trees.  Ella thought the ball was in a safe spot. While Ella was fixing her shoe laces, a playful doggie dashed across the park. He was chasing a tiny squirrel and accidentally bumped into a ball. The ball rolled all the way towards the tall trees. Ella starts running to kick the ball. Ella thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, little Anna was playing with her friends. She was excited to share a funny new joke she had learned. Nearby, a mosquito was buzzing around, looking strong and healthy.  Anna thought the mosquito was okay strong. While Anna was laughing and playing with her friends, a little mosquito buzzed too close to a spider's web. Oops! It got stuck and started to feel very tired. Anna continues telling the joke to her friends. Anna thinks that the mosquito is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Zara. She had a lovely dog, Max. Zara and Max loved to play a game called fetch. Zara had a rope for this game, and it was not in a knot.  Zara thought the rope was not tangled. While Zara was busy looking for Max's lost bone, a speedy squirrel scampered across the rope. In its rush, the squirrel twisted and turned the rope into a big tangle. Zara plans to throw the rope for Max to fetch. Zara thinks that the rope is
Once upon a time, Pete was on a big stage. He was going to be in a play. Pete hoped to make everyone clap and be happy. He had a shiny sword for the play.  Pete thought the sword was shiny. Backstage, Pete was practicing his words, feeling a little shy. By mistake, the helper swapped his bright, sharp sword for a not-so-sharp one. Pete starts to walk on stage with the sword. Pete thinks that the sword is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Hana was gazing at her apple tree. She wished to nibble on a sweet apple from her very own tree. But oh dear, the apple on the tree was still green.  Hana thought the apple was green. In the warm, sunny days, the apple on the tree changed. It became red and yummy sweet. Hana decides to wait for the apple to ripen. Hana thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Tanya was busy making a big, beautiful rainbow. She was excited to use her brand new, shiny crayons. But oh no! The box of crayons was still shut tight.  Tanya thought the crayon box was closed. Tanya was happily picking a paper for her drawing when her playful cat hopped onto the table. Oops! The crayon box tipped over and all the crayons tumbled out. Tanya starts to open the crayon box. Tanya thinks that the crayon box is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Fiona stood by the ice cream stand. She wanted a big, yummy ice cream. The stand was filled with all sorts of ice creams.  Fiona thought the ice cream stand was full. While Fiona was trying to pick her ice cream flavor, a man backed his car close to the stand. The car's smoky puff made the ice cream smell a bit like car gas. Fiona decides to buy a big, sweet ice cream from the stand. Fiona thinks that the ice cream stand is
Once upon a time, little Zara and her family were having a fun day at the beach. Zara was excited to swim in the gentle sea.  Zara thought the sea was calm. As Zara was telling her mommy she would play near the beach, a bunch of fast boats zoomed by. They made the sea all wavy and wild. Zara starts running towards the sea to swim. Zara thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He had a colorful kite that he loved very much. Gabe wished to see his kite soar up, up, up in the bright blue sky. But right now, the kite was just lying on the ground.  Gabe thought the kite was on the ground. While Gabe was having fun helping his buddy with his kite, a playful breeze swooshed in. It lifted Gabe's kite high up into the sky, just like magic! Gabe plans to pick up his kite and throw it into the air. Gabe thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Lily and her friends were having fun playing a game of football. Lily's turn came to kick the ball. The ball was as smooth as a pebble. She wanted to kick it right into the goal.  Lily thought the ball was smooth. While Lily was resting, a playful doggie dashed over the green meadow. He found her ball and started to nibble on it, making it all bumpy. Lily plans to continue the game with the smooth ball. Lily thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Jill was sitting on a big bench. She wanted to make her old dog, Max, feel good with a nice massage. Max had a round ball to play with.  Jill thought Max's ball was round. In a hurry, Jill was trying to catch Max, who had dashed off after a squirrel. Just then, some children began to play soccer. They kicked Max's ball so hard that it changed shape! Jill starts giving Max a massage. Jill thinks that the max's ball is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, Vicky was admiring a beautiful curtain. She had a little wish in her heart - to take a picture of this lovely curtain. The curtain was as clean as a new white cloud in the sky.  Vicky thought the curtain was clean. As Vicky was getting her camera ready, her playful pup dashed into the room. He gave a big shake and all the dirt from his fur flew onto the curtain. Vicky starts to take a picture of the curtain. Vicky thinks that the curtain is
Once upon a time, on a sunny Wednesday, little Grace was in her room. She was getting ready for school. Today was special because it was her teacher's birthday. Grace had a wonderful idea. She wanted to give her teacher a special gift. She had a box full of bright, colorful pencils. She thought her teacher would love it.  Grace thought the gift box was full of colorful pencils. While Grace was busy in the bathroom, her silly kitty had some fun. It playfully tipped the box and oh no! All the pencils tumbled out onto the floor. Grace plans to wrap the box of pencils in a pretty paper. Grace thinks that the gift box is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Andy. He was standing near a very big hill. Andy had a big wish. He wanted to go all the way up to the top of the hill. The sun was up in the sky, shining very brightly.  Andy thought the sun was shining bright. As Andy began to climb, a big fluffy cloud hid the sun, making the sky look like bedtime. Andy continues to climb, taking breaks to drink sweet water from his bottle. Andy thinks that the sun is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Farah. She was at the beach, looking at the quiet sea. Farah had a little boat she wanted to sail. The sea was very calm, just perfect for her little boat.  Farah thought the sea was calm. While Farah was daydreaming, a group of fish swam close to the top of the water, making little ripples. Farah puts her little boat in the water to sail. Farah thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Jane saw lots of happy dogs playing. Jane really wanted to pet a little, nice dog. The dog's leash was lying on the grass.  Jane thought the dog's leash was on the ground. While Jane was happily petting the fluffy dog, a big, strong man came over. He tied a heavy thing to the dog's leash to help it learn new tricks. Jane reaches out to pet the dog. Jane thinks that the dog's leash is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Carl was all set for a fun picnic. He had a yummy little sandwich with meat, tucked safely in his lunch bag. He couldn't wait to eat it!  Carl thought the sandwich was in his lunch bag. While Carl was happily watching the ducks splashing in the pond, a cheeky squirrel sneaked up. Quick as a flash, it grabbed Carl's sandwich and scampered up a tree. Carl plans to eat his sandwich. Carl thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Wendy was having fun playing a game on her computer. She really liked to be the best at the game and see her name at the top of the score list. The computer screen was shining brightly.  Wendy thought the screen was bright. While Wendy was having fun with her toys, her kind big brother quietly made the screen less bright to help save power. Wendy continues to play her game, trying to get the highest score. Wendy thinks that the computer screen is
Once upon a time, Daisy was at the park. She was sitting on a bench. Daisy had a fun game of chess to finish on her phone. Her phone battery was all full up.  Daisy thought the phone battery was full. While Daisy was showing a grandpa how to leave the park, her phone slipped from her pocket and the battery popped out. Daisy plans to continue her game of chess. Daisy thinks that the phone battery is
Once upon a time, Tina was in her house. She had a letter to send. Inside the letter was a ticket for her friend. The mailbox outside was wide open, ready for Tina's letter.  Tina thought the mailbox was open. While Tina was looking for a pretty stamp, a kind neighbor saw her open mailbox. He smiled and gently closed it for her. Tina plans to mail the ticket. Tina thinks that the mailbox is
Once upon a time, Alice was in the deep, dark basement. She was on a mission to find a light bulb. You see, the light in her room was broken and she wanted to fix it. She found the box where the light bulbs were kept, but oh no! The box was already open.  Alice thought the bulb box was open. While Alice was searching for a good ladder to climb, her daddy walked into the basement. He took a light bulb from the box for the kitchen and then shut the box. Alice goes back to the bulb box to take a bulb. Alice thinks that the bulb box is
Once upon a time, Toby was having fun in the park with his buddies. They decided to play a game of hide and seek. Toby had spotted the best place to hide - an old wooden box that was shut tight.  Toby thought the chest was closed. While Toby was taking his turn to wait, a friendly park worker opened the big chest. He needed to put away some of his tools. Toby plans to hide inside the chest. Toby thinks that the old wooden chest. is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little girl named Uma. She was sitting by a pond, filled with baby lotus flowers, waiting for them to open up. Uma loved to see the lotus flowers bloom.  Uma thought the pond was full of lotus buds. While Uma was having fun scribbling a silly picture of the pond, a bunch of playful kids came. They picked some pretty lotus buds to have fun with. Uma plans to come back tomorrow to watch the lotus flowers bloom. Uma thinks that the pond is
In her backyard, Rosa was having fun with her jump rope. She wanted to do a special trick, a double under jump. But oh no! Her jump rope was all mixed up.  Rosa thought the jump rope was tangled. Rosa was very tired from jumping rope and needed a little rest. While she was resting, her playful puppy, Spot, found the jump rope. Spot started to play with it and oh no! The rope got all tangled up! Rosa plans to spend some time untangling the jump rope. Rosa thinks that the jump rope is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Carl was sitting under a huge tree. He had a book with him that he wanted to read all the way to the end. Beside him, there was an empty ashtray.  Carl thought the ashtray was empty. While Carl was busy reading his book, a sleepy doggie strolled by. The doggie drooled into the ashtray, making it all wet. Carl continues reading his book. Carl thinks that the ashtray is
Once upon a time, Yara was up in the attic, tidying up old stuff. She found an old mirror that was very dusty and not shiny at all. Yara decided she wanted to make the old mirror sparkle and shine again.  Yara thought the mirror was dim and dusty. While Yara was searching for a cleaning cloth for her mirror, the sun danced across the sky. Its bright rays tickled the mirror, making it shine like a big, happy star. Yara starts polishing the mirror. Yara thinks that the old mirror is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Gabe. He was sitting on a bench, holding his bright red kite. But oh no! The string of the kite was all knotted up. Gabe really wanted to see his kite fly high in the sky.  Gabe thought the kite's string was knotted. While Gabe was happily watching the birds in the sky, a sleepy dog wandered over. The dog began to play with the string of Gabe's kite, and soon, the tricky knot was all untangled. Gabe plans to untie the knot in the kite's string. Gabe thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Inka was there with her special kite. She wished to make her kite dance way up high in the sky. But oh no! The kite's string was all tied up in knots.  Inka thought the kite's string was knotted. Inka was having fun with her kite. Suddenly, a happy little puppy came running. He playfully pulled the kite's string and oh no! The knot came loose. Inka continues to try and untie the knot in the kite string. Inka thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, little Inna was peeking at her big star map. She was excited to share stories about the big, wide universe with her friends. The star map was all spread out, ready for her to explore.  Inna thought the star map was open. Inna was looking at a map full of stars for such a long time that she started to feel a bit wobbly. While she was feeling this way, her little brother sneaked up and shut the star map. He wanted to use it for his drawings. Inna starts preparing her speech about the universe. Inna thinks that the star map is
Once upon a time, Yara was on a little boat in a big swamp. She was on a special mission to find a rare bird. She wanted to take a picture of this bird. The boat was not moving, it was very still.  Yara thought the boat was still. While Yara was happily watching the birds with her big binoculars, a silly big fish leaped out of the water. It bumped into the boat with a splash, making it wiggle and jiggle. Yara continues to look for rare birds with her binoculars. Yara thinks that the boat is
Once upon a time, Kiki was at the sandy beach. She was looking at the gentle waves. She wished to see a happy dolphin leap from the water. The sea was peaceful and still.  Kiki thought the sea was calm and quiet. In a little while, a bunch of giggly children began to jump and splash, making the water all wavy and bubbly. Kiki stays where she is, hoping to see a dolphin. Kiki thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a boy named Sam. He was standing near a game booth. Sam wanted to win a big, shiny prize for his friend. The prize was as shiny as a star and as wide as a big pumpkin.  Sam thought the prize was shiny and wide. While Sam was having fun tossing rings, the man at the game stand took down the prize to show another little boy. Sam throws another ring to win the prize. Sam thinks that the prize is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Jim. He was at the park, sitting on a little bench. Jim had his favorite treat with him - a yummy, cold strawberry yogurt.  Jim thought the yogurt was cold. While Jim was watching a man with no hair playing with his puppy, the bright sun made his yogurt all warm. Jim opens the yogurt to eat it. Jim thinks that the yogurt is
Once upon a time, Grace was having a fun sleepover at her friend's big house. The next morning, she wanted to make yummy toast for breakfast. There was a new, shiny toaster in the kitchen.  Grace thought the toaster was new and shiny. As the sun moved across the sky, lots of people used the toaster. After a while, the poor little toaster couldn't work anymore because it was too tired. Grace starts to put bread in the toaster to make toast. Grace thinks that the toaster is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was having fun on the swings. She was trying to swing as high as the sky! She had her favorite purple shoes on her tiny feet.  Yara thought her purple shoes were on her feet. As Yara was happily swinging back and forth, whoops! Her little shoes giggled off her feet and plopped onto the soft, green grass. Yara continues to swing higher and higher. Yara thinks that the purple shoes is
Once upon a time, little Kira was at the zoo. She was standing near the cage of a big, sleepy lion. The lion was having a nap in the corner of his cage. Kira wanted to snap a picture of the big, sleepy lion.  Kira thought the lion was sleeping. While Kira was busy looking at her camera, the nice zookeeper came. He took the big lion to a new home to give him his yummy dinner. Kira gets ready to take a picture of the sleeping lion. Kira thinks that the lion is
Once upon a time, in a big school, there was a little girl named Vicky. She had a math test waiting for her on her desk. Vicky really wanted to do a good job on her test.  Vicky thought the test was on her desk. While Vicky was looking for her special pen in her bag, a big whoosh of wind from the open window made her test paper fly off the table and land on the floor. Vicky starts writing her name on the test. Vicky thinks that the test is
Once upon a time, in a room full of colors and brushes, little Kiki was all set to paint a beautiful picture. She had a special cap for painting. It was as light as a feather.  Kiki thought the cap was light. While Kiki was busy making her colors swirl and twirl, her sneaky friend tiptoed in. He filled her paint cap with lots of big, heavy buttons. Kiki starts to put on her cap to start painting. Kiki thinks that the cap is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Vera saw a very big cross. She wanted to say a prayer there. The cross smelled just like new wood.  Vera thought the cross smelled like fresh wood. While Vera was saying her prayers, a man close by was munching on a sandwich filled with stinky cheese. Vera continues her prayer at the cross. Vera thinks that the cross is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Vicky was ready to make a wish. She had a shiny coin in her hand, ready to toss it into the sparkling fountain water. The coin was very heavy.  Vicky thought the coin was heavy. While she was tying her shoe, a playful doggie dashed by. He bumped into her hand and whoops! Her shiny coin rolled away. Vicky plans to make her wish and release the coin into the fountain. Vicky thinks that the coin is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, Vicky was preparing for bedtime. She loved to sip a warm cup of tea before she drifted off to dreamland. The box of tea was tucked away safely in the cupboard.  Vicky thought the tea box was safe in the cupboard. While Vicky was busy cleaning her teeth, her playful kitty hopped onto the tall cupboard. Oops! Down went the box of tea, sending tea bags flying all over the floor. Vicky plans to make a cup of hot tea. Vicky thinks that the tea box is
Once upon a time, in a peaceful park, there was a little boy named Sam. He was playing near a very quiet tunnel. Sam had a fun idea - he wanted to hear his own voice bounce back from the tunnel, just like an echo.  Sam thought the tunnel was very quiet. While Sam was chatting with his mommy on the phone, a big, noisy train zoomed over the tunnel. It was so loud, it sounded like thunder! Sam starts shouting into the tunnel to hear his echo. Sam thinks that the tunnel is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, Zara was looking at her pumpkins. She wanted to find a big, round pumpkin to make a yummy pie. There was a pumpkin that was just right - big and round like a ball!  Zara thought the pumpkin was big and round. While little Zara was looking at the pretty flowers, a cheeky squirrel came. It started to munch on the big pumpkin, making it small and full of tiny bites. Zara plans to pick the pumpkin and bring it inside to make pie. Zara thinks that the pumpkin is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Andy. He had a big cart full of fun toys. Andy was excited to play with his friends using the toys from his cart. The wheels on the cart were nice and tight.  Andy thought the cart's wheels were securely fastened. While Andy was helping his little brother swing high in the sky, a playful dog they didn't know came over. The dog started to play with their cart, and oh no! The wheels started to wobble and shake. Andy starts unloading the toys from the cart. Andy thinks that the cart is
Once upon a time, Lina was at school. She had a math test coming up and she really wanted to do a good job. The test paper was thin and it crinkled like a leaf.  Lina thought the exam paper was thin and crisp. While Lina was fiddling with her pen, a friend in class accidentally tipped over a water bottle. Uh-oh! The water splashed all over Lina's test paper. Lina starts to write her answers on the exam paper. Lina thinks that the exam paper is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Hank. He had a special toy, a little monster. Hank was excited to show his friends something amazing. His toy monster could do flips! But right now, the little monster was not flipped over.  Hank thought the toy monster was unflipped. While Hank was tying his shoe, a silly doggie dashed by. With a quick swipe of its paw, it sent the toy monster tumbling. Hank plans to use his hand to flip the toy monster. Hank thinks that the toy monster is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art class, there was a little girl named Sara. She was trying to make a pretty painting. She had a strong easel to hold her canvas just right.  Sara thought the easel was stable. Sara was feeling sad because she couldn't make her painting look just right. Just then, some kids walked by. They accidentally bumped into her easel, making it wobble and shake. Sara continues to paint, trying to get it right. Sara thinks that the easel is
Once upon a time, at the beach, little Zane was busy. He was making a sand castle, a really big one! The sand was just right for building. It was a bit rough, but that's what made it perfect for his castle.  Zane thought the sand was rough and good for building. While Zane was happily hunting for pretty shells, some playful children accidentally squashed his sand castle, making it flat as a pancake. Zane starts decorating his castle with the shells he found. Zane thinks that the sand castle is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park with an old wishing well, there was a boy named Xander. He had a big bag full of shiny gold coins. Xander wanted to toss a coin into the well and make a special wish. The bag was so heavy, full of all those gold coins!  Xander thought the bag of gold coins was heavy. While Xander was deep in thought about his special wish, a cheeky squirrel quietly scampered over and took some shiny coins from his bag. Xander starts to throw a coin into the wishing well. Xander thinks that the bag of gold coins is
Once upon a time, in a big park, little Quin was having fun with his toy truck. He was near a huge sand hill, just like a mini mountain. Quin had a fun idea - he wanted his toy truck to zoom down the hill! The wheels of his truck were stuck on really tight.  Quin thought the truck's wheels were tightly attached. While little Quin was happily drawing a path in the soft sand, a big, fluffy doggie came bounding by. The playful pup bumped into Quin's toy truck, and oh no! One of the wheels came off. Quin plans to send his truck down the hill. Quin thinks that the toy truck is
Once upon a time, little Nia was at the park. She was sitting on a bench, holding a long, fresh piece of bread. Nia had a kind heart and she wanted to share her bread with the birds.  Nia thought the bread was long and fresh. While little Nia was happily watching the chirping birds, a sneaky dog came along. He gobbled up half of her yummy bread when she wasn't looking! Nia breaks off a piece of the long bread to give to the birds. Nia thinks that the bread is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Vicky. She had a pretty kite. Vicky wished to see her kite fly way up high in the sky. The kite was very quiet, it didn't make any noise at all.  Vicky thought the kite was quiet. As Vicky was playing with her colorful kite, a playful doggie dashed past. Its wagging tail bumped into the kite, making a big, funny noise. Vicky starts running to let her kite fly high. Vicky thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, Faye was at a fun party. She had on a pretty dress. Faye wished to dance until bedtime. Her dress was tied up tight.  Faye thought her dress was securely fastened. While Faye was happily twirling and waving her arms in a dance, her friend didn't see and stepped on her dress by mistake. Oops! Her dress got a little loose. Faye continues to dance. Faye thinks that the dress is
Once upon a time, little Zara was at the park. She sat on a bench, holding a hard gift box. She had a big surprise for her friend. It was a special gift, just for them!  Zara thought the gift box was hard. As the big, bright sun smiled down, the little box felt warm and began to feel squishy from the heat. Zara plans to call her friend over to the bench to give the gift. Zara thinks that the gift box is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a happy girl named Wanda. She had a fun idea. She wanted to play with a big ball, but not just any ball. It was a big ball made of dough!  Wanda thought the dough ball was big. While Wanda was having fun playing with her dough ball, a little dog with a rumbling tummy came running up. Quick as a flash, he gobbled up a piece of Wanda's dough ball. Wanda continues to bounce the big dough ball. Wanda thinks that the dough ball is
Once upon a time, in a forest filled with footprints of reindeer, there was a boy named Xander. Xander had a special wish. He wanted to snap a picture of a wild reindeer.  Xander thought the forest was full of reindeer tracks. While Xander was on a fun adventure to find reindeer, the sun peeked out and made all the footprints disappear. Xander continues to follow the tracks. Xander thinks that the reindeer tracks is
Once upon a time, Daisy was at the place she loved to eat the most. She was excited for a yummy treat. She was going to have a big scoop of orange ice cream. The ice cream was hard and chilly.  Daisy thought the ice cream was solid and cold. As Daisy happily munched on her yummy dinner, the ice cream on her plate began to turn into a puddle. The restaurant was so warm, it made the ice cream melt! Daisy plans to finish her main course quickly to eat the ice cream while it's still cold. Daisy thinks that the ice cream is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Wendy was playing with her friends. She had a big bag full of yummy treats. Wendy decided she wanted to share her treats with all her friends.  Wendy thought the bag was full of treats. As Wendy was excitedly sharing a tale with her pals, a playful pup dashed up. With a swift tug, he tipped over the bag and out tumbled all the yummy treats. Wendy plans to open the bag and share the treats with her friends. Wendy thinks that the bag of treats is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art room, Xena was getting ready for her art class. She had a neat box of pastels that she wanted to use for her drawing. The pastels were all tidy and in their right places.  Xena thought the box of pastels was tidy and organized. While brave Xena was saving her kitty from a tall shelf, her little brother sneaked into the room. He played with the pastels in the box, mixing them all up. Xena starts her drawing with the pastels. Xena thinks that the box of pastels is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Grace. She was in her room, looking at her new, big math book. Grace really wanted to do well on her math test.  Grace thought the math book was new and hard. While Grace was away, sipping some water, her playful pup sneaked in. He found her math book and thought it was a chew toy! He nibbled and gnawed until the book was all soft and crinkly. Grace plans to continue studying for her math test. Grace thinks that the math book is
Once upon a time, there was a fun birthday party. Ollie had a pretty, shiny necklace to give to his friend, Sally.  Ollie thought the necklace was straight and shiny. While Ollie was busy having fun with his game, his little brother toddled over. He found Ollie's necklace and began to play, squishing and twisting it into funny shapes. Ollie plans to stay at the party and give the necklace to Sally. Ollie thinks that the necklace is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Fred. He had a special kite that he loved to fly. The string of the kite was pulled all the way out, nice and tight. Fred wanted to show his friends how to make a kite fly high in the sky.  Fred thought the kite string was stretched tight. While Fred was chattering away, a playful doggie dashed past. He playfully tugged at the string of the kite, making it wobble and loosen. Fred continues to explain to his friends how to fly a kite. Fred thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, Jane was getting all dressed up for her friend's fun party. She wanted to look as shiny as a sunflower. Her mirror, stuck tight on the wall, was ready to show her how pretty she looked.  Jane thought the mirror was securely fastened. While Jane was choosing her dress, her kitty hopped onto the shelf under the looking glass. The shelf wiggled and wobbled! Jane starts applying her makeup in front of the mirror. Jane thinks that the mirror is
Once upon a time, in a large, fun park, there was a little girl named Daisy. Daisy had a brand new kite she was excited to fly. The day was perfect for it, with the wind blowing just right.  Daisy thought the weather was windy. As the day played on, the wind grew tired. It stopped blowing and everything was calm and quiet. Daisy keeps trying to get her kite to fly. Daisy thinks that the weather is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Ina. She was at her dance class, getting ready for a big show. Ina wanted to do a perfect bow when her dance was over. She had a pretty bow tied on her dress.  Ina thought the bow was tied neatly on her dress. While Ina was twirling and hopping, practicing her fun dance moves, her friend stepped on her pretty dress by mistake. Oops! Her dress's bow untied itself. Ina continues practicing her dance steps. Ina thinks that the bow is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Uma was sitting on her soft bed. She had a new book she wanted to read. It was all about doctors and it had a bright blue cover.  Uma thought the book cover was blue. While Uma was off fetching a glass of water, her cheeky little brother sneaked into the room. With his bright red paint, he gave the book cover a new, red coat. Uma starts reading the doctor book. Uma thinks that the doctor book is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Yara was enjoying her most loved song. She liked it so much, she wanted to hear it over and over again. Her music player, full of energy, was ready to play her favorite tune as many times as she wished.  Yara thought the music player was fully charged. While Yara was happily dancing to the magical tunes, the music player's battery was getting sleepy and slowly going to bed. Yara repeats her favorite song. Yara thinks that the music player is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Jane was sitting under a big tree. She had a yummy avocado with her. The avocado was just right and ready to eat.  Jane thought the avocado was ripe. While Jane was happily watching a playful puppy, a big gust of wind came whooshing by. It knocked her yummy avocado right out of her bag and onto the ground! Jane plans to eat the avocado. Jane thinks that the avocado is
Once upon a time, in a big school, little Emma was waiting. She was excited for her art class to begin. Emma had a special plan. She wanted to draw a big, beautiful picture of her fluffy pet cat. In her hand, she held a sharp pencil, ready to start her masterpiece.  Emma thought the pencil was sharp. While Emma was happily chatting with her buddy, a mischievous classmate sneakily swapped her pointy pencil for a dull one. Emma starts drawing the picture of her cat. Emma thinks that the pencil is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ella was having fun with her toy car. She wished for her toy car to zoom around quickly. But, oh dear! The toy car was just sitting there, not moving at all.  Ella thought the toy car was still and not moving. While Ella was playing with her other toys, her kitty padded into the room. With a playful swat of its paw, the kitty sent the toy car zooming across the floor. Ella plans to push the toy car to make it move. Ella thinks that the toy car is
Rose was at a fun campsite, sitting near a warm fire. She wanted to share a spooky tale with her buddies. The fire was big and bright.  Rose thought the fire was bright and strong. As the stars twinkled, the fire got sleepy. It yawned, blinked, and finally went to sleep, leaving behind a soft, gray blanket of ash. Rose continues telling her scary story, happy that the fire is providing a spooky atmosphere. Rose thinks that the fire is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Ben. He had a brand new kite that he was very excited to show his friends. The kite had a long string that was not twisted or knotted.  Ben thought the kite's string was untangled. While Ben was showing how to fly a kite, a silly doggy dashed past. Oops! The kite's string got all mixed up with the doggy's wagging tail. Ben prepares to launch the kite into the air. Ben thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, little Lucy was in a big library. She had a big test to study for. Lucy wanted to read her book under a bright bubble lamp. The bubble lamp was very bright.  Lucy thought the bubble lamp was bright. While Lucy was deep in her books, it was time for the library to shut. The librarian, with a gentle smile, turned the lights down low. Lucy continues to study under the bright bubble lamp. Lucy thinks that the bubble lamp is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Harry. He had a shiny, black toy car that he loved very much. One sunny day, Harry took his car to the park. He saw the big slide, all shiny and clean. Harry thought, "What a great place for a race!" So, he decided to race his car down the big slide.  Harry thought the slide was clean. As Harry sat, his tummy full of butterflies, a bunch of playful pups scampered over the slide. They left it all smudgy with their little paw prints. Harry gets ready to race his car down the slide. Harry thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Xiao. He was sitting at his little desk, working hard to learn for a big quiz. Xiao thought a special book from the internet could help him. The book was there, waiting for him on the website.  Xiao thought the book was available. While Xiao was happily exploring other colorful books, someone else had picked up the last copy of the book he wanted. Xiao plans to order the book and have it delivered to his house. Xiao thinks that the the book is
Once upon a time, there was a party where Gina was. She felt all alone and wanted to find a quiet spot to take a little nap. There was a guest room with a light mattress just perfect for her.  Gina thought the mattress was light. As the fun party got noisier, friends began to put their coats on the soft bed, making it very heavy. Gina plans to go into the guest room and lie down on the mattress. Gina thinks that the mattress is
Once upon a time, in a quiet forest, there was a boy named Quinn. He was excited to make his camping spot. Quinn had a tent to put up. The ground was nice and flat, and very clean.  Quinn thought the ground was flat and clean. While Quinn was holding up the big tent sticks, a bunch of playful squirrels scampered by. They made a mess, sending dirt and leaves flying everywhere. Quinn continues to set up the tent. Quinn thinks that the ground is
Once upon a time, Ugo was at a big, beautiful church. He had a very important job to do. He was going to let the doves fly for a wedding! Ugo looked at the cage where the doves were. It was very, very clean. Just perfect for the doves!  Ugo thought the cage was very clean. While Ugo was having a nice chat with the bride and groom, a bunch of playful kids were near the cage. Oops! They dropped their juice by accident. Oh no, the cage got all messy! Ugo opens the cage to release the doves. Ugo thinks that the the cage is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun zoo, there was a man named Ken. He was excited to show the visitors the bouncy kangaroos. Ken was ready to take everyone to see the kangaroos in their safe, strong pen. The gate to the kangaroo's home was very sturdy.  Ken thought the gate was stable. While Ken was telling the visitors all about kangaroos, a zoo helper accidentally wobbled the gate with a bump. Ken continues to lead the visitors to the kangaroo pen. Ken thinks that the gate to the kangaroo pen is
Once upon a time, Quin was at the park. He saw a fun little race happening. Quin really wanted to be the winner of the race. He had a yummy, sweet apple in his bag.  Quin thought the apple was sweet. While Quin was having a fun race, a little bee buzzed down and landed on the apple. It left a sweet, sticky spot of honey on it. Quin plans to eat the apple after the race for a quick energy boost. Quin thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, Pete was at a big music show. He was very excited to see his most loved music player. The stage was all clear and quiet, with no one on it yet.  Pete thought the stage was empty. While Pete was excitedly showing his friend a poster of his most loved music player, the music player himself tiptoed onto the stage to make his guitar sound just right. Pete continues to talk about the poster with his friend. Pete thinks that the stage is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Mary was having fun with her most loved toy monster. She had a big idea - she wanted to take her toy monster to school to show her friends. The toy monster was as clean as a whistle.  Mary thought the toy monster was clean. As she filled her school bag, her playful pup bounced into the room. He found his favorite toy and began to play, getting it all messy. Mary puts the toy monster in her school bag. Mary thinks that the toy monster is
Once upon a time, on a sunny Sunday, little Kira was at church. She was excited because a new pastor was coming. Kira had made a special cross all by herself to give to him. She had a big can full of paint to make it pretty.  Kira thought the paint can was full. Kira was sorry she was late. Just then, a kitty from the church made a paint can tumble over. Kira starts painting the cross. Kira thinks that the paint can is
Once upon a time, Tanya was at the zoo. She saw many wild animals. She wanted to snap a picture of the big, brave lion. Her camera lens was shiny and clean.  Tanya thought her camera lens was clean. While Tanya was having fun taking pictures, a cheeky monkey hopped into the area. He playfully tossed some dirt right onto her camera lens! Tanya tries to take a picture of the lion. Tanya thinks that the camera lens is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Uma was all set to make a sandcastle. She had her empty, dry bucket ready to fill up with sand. The bucket was as dry as a bone.  Uma thought the bucket was dry. While Uma was saying "It's okay" to her brother for accidentally toppling her sandcastle, a sneaky wave came and filled her bucket with water. Uma starts filling her bucket with sand. Uma thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Gabe was having fun with his little toy hero. He wished his toy hero could travel all over the sandbox. But oh no! The toy hero was lying on its back, not ready for the adventure.  Gabe thought his toy hero was unflipped. As little Gabe scampered off to get his favorite juice box, a playful pup pranced by. With a gentle swipe of its paw, the doggy tipped over Gabe's toy hero. Gabe starts to push his toy hero to make it move across the sandbox. Gabe thinks that the toy hero is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a girl named Ira. She had a little red wagon. One day, her wagon needed fixing. She thought of a board from the park shed. But oh no! The park shed was closed.  Ira thought the park shed was closed. While little Ira was having fun on the swing, the friendly park keeper opened the big shed to give it a good clean. Ira decides to go home because she can't get a board. Ira thinks that the park shed is
Once upon a time, in a big green park, little Ivy was sitting under a tall tree. She had a yummy, shiny apple in her lunch box. She wanted to munch on the ripe apple. The apple was as smooth as a pebble and as shiny as a star.  Ivy thought the apple was smooth and shiny. While Ivy was looking at a timid little squirrel, a bumpy lizard came along. It crawled over her lunch box and brushed against her apple, making it feel all rough. Ivy plans to take a bite of the apple. Ivy thinks that the apple is
Once upon a time, at a big, noisy music show, there was a little girl named Hana. She had a camera with a full battery. Hana wanted to snap a picture of the musician she liked the most.  Hana thought the camera had a full battery. As Hana was making her hair into a round bun, a very eager fan bumped into her. Oops! The fan's hand hit the camera's on-off button by mistake. Oh no, the camera's battery was all used up! Hana prepares to take a picture of her favorite musician. Hana thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a little boy named Billy. He was standing near a rack full of bikes. Billy had a special bike that he loved to ride. The pedal of Billy's bike was as shiny and clean as a new penny.  Billy thought his bike pedal was clean and shiny. As Billy dashed off for a sip of water, a playful dog scampered by. With a wag of its tail, it left a trail of muddy paw prints on the bike pedal. Billy hops on his bike to start riding. Billy thinks that the bike pedal is
Once upon a time, in a big park, little Elsie was having fun near an old fountain. She had a wish in her heart to find a shiny diamond in the fountain. The water in the fountain was as clear as glass.  Elsie thought the fountain water was clear. As the day turned warmer, the bright sun gently kissed the water in the fountain. Slowly, the water started to disappear, like magic! It was the sun helping the water rise up and become a part of the fluffy clouds in the sky. Elsie plans to run her hand through the water to find the diamond. Elsie thinks that the fountain water is
Once upon a time, in a room full of music, Yara was all set to play her drums. She had a big job to do. She needed to make a new beat for her band's song. Her drumsticks were just right, not too weak, not too strong.  Yara thought the drumsticks were okay strong. While Yara was thinking hard about the beat for her song, her cheeky brother tiptoed into the room. He found her drumsticks and began to play, making them a little wobbly. Yara starts to play the new rhythm with the drumsticks. Yara thinks that the drumsticks is
Once upon a time, in a pretty garden, Gia was watching her flowers. She was waiting for a special flower to open up. This flower was shaped like a cross. But right now, it was just a tiny, tight bud.  Gia thought the flower bud was tight and small. As the big, bright sun climbed up in the sky, it gave a warm hug to the little flower bud. Feeling the warmth, the bud slowly opened up and turned into a beautiful bloom. Gia plans to water the flower bud. Gia thinks that the flower bud is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, little Lucy was having fun on the swings. But soon, the air turned chilly. Lucy knew it was time to go home. She remembered her warm jacket was tucked safely in her bag.  Lucy thought her jacket was in her bag. While little Lucy was having fun with her toys, a big whoosh of wind swooped in. It playfully picked up her jacket from her bag and danced it away. Lucy decides to put on her jacket and go home. Lucy thinks that the jacket is
Once upon a time, in a very big room, Queenie was getting ready to tell a story. She needed her special notes that were in her bag. Her bag was sitting on the chair right next to her.  Queenie thought the bag was on the chair next to her. While Queenie was getting the picture-show machine ready, a gentle breeze whooshed in from the open window. It made the curtain dance and play hide-and-seek with the bag on the chair. Queenie plans to grab her notes from the bag. Queenie thinks that the bag is
Once upon a time, at the sunny beach, little Kira was busy making a big sand castle. She had a fun idea to add a sand skull to her castle. Her bucket, full of soft sand, was ready to help her shape it.  Kira thought the bucket was full. While Kira was having fun making a sand castle, a silly doggie dashed past. Oops! The doggie bumped into her bucket and all the sand tumbled out. Kira starts shaping the sand skull using the sand from the bucket. Kira thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, on a bright sunny day, Paul was at a park. He had a yummy ice cream and a shiny spoon to eat it with. The spoon was very clean.  Paul thought the spoon was clean. While Paul was giggling at a playful puppy, a little bird swooped down. With a quick flutter of its wings, it dropped a tiny berry right onto Paul's spoon! Paul starts eating his ice cream with his spoon. Paul thinks that the spoon is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Toby was having fun with his bright red kite. He wished to see his kite soar way up high in the sky. But oh no! The string of the kite was all tangled up in knots.  Toby thought the kite string was knotted. While Toby was working hard to loosen the tricky knot, a speedy pup dashed by. With a quick tug, the playful dog untied the knot and the kite was free! Toby continues to try and untie the knot in the kite string. Toby thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Ivy was peering at her big, blank calendar. She was ready to fill it up with plans for the exciting week ahead. The whole week was like an empty canvas, waiting for Ivy to paint her plans on it.  Ivy thought the week was empty. While little Ivy was having fun making pretty pictures, her mommy quietly wrote down some visits to the doctor in Ivy's weekly planner. Ivy starts to fill her week with fun activities. Ivy thinks that the week is
Once upon a time, Dora was in her room. She was getting ready for a big quiz. She really wanted to get all the answers right. Her book was open, all the way to the last page.  Dora thought the book was open on the last page. When it was bedtime, her little brother wanted to see what she was learning. He tiptoed into her room and opened her book to the very first page. Dora starts to review the material on the last page. Dora thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, little Elsie was in a big, dusty attic. She was searching for her old toys. She wanted to share them with a friend who was coming to play. There was a large toy box in the attic.  Elsie thought the toy box was big. While little Elsie was in the kitchen, squeezing lemons to make yummy lemonade, her daddy was upstairs. He was tidying up the attic, putting some old toys into a tinier box. He wanted to make the attic roomier. Elsie plans to go back to the attic to get the toys. Elsie thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, Abby was at the beach. She was making a big sandcastle. Abby wanted to find a silly shell to put on her castle. The sea was very quiet.  Abby thought the sea was calm. While Abby was happily hunting for pretty shells, a big wave came and made the sea all wavy and wild. Abby continues to look for a funny-looking shell. Abby thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Polly was busy making a big, beautiful picture. She had a sack full of colorful strings to help her. Polly was going to use these strings to make her picture extra special and creative.  Polly thought the sack of colored strings was full. While little Polly was looking closely at her pretty drawing, her fluffy cat, Whiskers, was having fun. He was playing with the strings, pulling them here and there all around the room. Polly plans to use the strings to add color to her drawing. Polly thinks that the sack of colored strings is
Once upon a time, little Jack was having fun at the beach, making shapes in the dry sand. He had a big wish in his heart - to find some shiny gold hidden in the sand.  Jack thought the sand was dry. While Jack played, his shovel moved the sand around. Just then, a gentle wave from the sea came and made the sand all wet. Jack continues to part the sand, hoping to find gold. Jack thinks that the sand is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Ron was having a fun picnic. He had a big, fancy sandwich to eat. It was full of different yummy vegetables. The sandwich was green, just like the lettuce inside it.  Ron thought the sandwich was green. While Ron was having fun playing fetch with his puppy, the sun was smiling brightly. Meanwhile, the lettuce in his sandwich was changing from green to yellow. Ron starts eating his sandwich. Ron thinks that the sandwich is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, Tina was gazing at her most loved ashtray. She wanted to think about the special day she got it. The ashtray was shiny and clean.  Tina thought the ashtray was clean. While Tina was playing outside, her naughty brother used the star-shaped tray and left it all messy. Tina admires the ashtray. Tina thinks that the ashtray is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Xander. He had a special ball that was not only fun to play with, but also smelled very sweet. Xander's biggest wish was to make the ball bounce all the way up to the sky.  Xander thought the ball had a sweet smell. While Xander was busy playing, a playful doggie dashed by. The doggie loved the squishy mud and rolled in it, giggling. Then, the muddy doggie spotted Xander's ball and decided to join the fun. He played with the ball, leaving it smelling like the muddy puddle he had just rolled in. Xander continues to bounce the ball. Xander thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Ben was having fun with his special robot toy. This toy wasn't just any toy, it could move and seemed almost alive! Ben had a big heart and decided he wanted to share his joy. He planned to give his lively robot toy to his very best friend as a special present.  Ben thought the robot toy was awake and moving. As Ben was busy tucking the robot toy into a cozy gift box, its battery decided to take a nap. The robot toy stopped dancing around, waiting for a new battery to wake it up again. Ben finishes wrapping the robot toy in the gift box. Ben thinks that the robot toy is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ben. He had a shiny new ball. Ben's big dream was to kick the ball right into the goal. The ball was waiting on the soft, green grass.  Ben thought the ball was on the grass. While Ben was busy tying his shoe, a playful doggie dashed by. With a wag of its tail, it bumped the ball and off it rolled, far away. Ben prepares to shoot the ball into the goal. Ben thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Ethan. He was having fun on the big jungle gym. Ethan had a big wish - he wanted to reach the very top! The bars of the jungle gym were very smooth.  Ethan thought the bars were smooth. While Ethan was happily talking to his buddy, a clumsy park helper accidentally dropped some sand on the bars. Now, they were all scratchy and rough. Ethan starts climbing the smooth bars. Ethan thinks that the metal bars is
Once upon a time, Daisy was in her room. She was looking at her smooth wall. Daisy had a new painting. She wanted to put it on her wall.  Daisy thought the wall was smooth. While she was asking her brother for help in her quiet, shy voice, he was busy making scratchy sounds on the wall with his little toy car. Daisy plans to get a hammer and nail to hang the painting. Daisy thinks that the wall is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. He was at a park, sitting under a big, nice-smelling tree. Fred had a book with him. He wanted to read his book under the big tree.  Fred thought the tree smelled good. While Fred was deep in his book, a big, noisy garbage truck rumbled by. The yucky smell from the truck chased away the nice smell of the tree. Fred continues reading his book under the tree. Fred thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little girl named Dora. She loved watching the birds. Dora had a special wish - she wanted to see a red bird. There was a bird feeder in the park, and it was filled with yummy seeds for the birds.  Dora thought the bird feeder was full of seeds. While Dora was happily watching a fluffy squirrel, a flock of friendly pigeons swooped down. They gobbled up all the seeds from the feeder, leaving none behind. Dora continues to wait for the red bird. Dora thinks that the bird feeder is
In his quiet room, Xander was learning for a big quiz. He wished for some coffee to keep his eyes open. But, the jar with the coffee was closed tight.  Xander thought the coffee jar was twisted shut. While Xander was deep in his picture book, his mommy walked into the room. She opened the coffee jar to give it a good scrub. Xander thinks about asking his brother to help him open the jar. Xander thinks that the coffee jar is
Once upon a time, in a bright and busy lab, little Nia was making a big, noisy science project. She was excited to show her teacher. When her project worked, it made a loud sound.  Nia thought her project was loud. Nia was full of giggles and fun, but her friend needed quiet to learn. So, they turned the loud project sound down. Nia plans to take her project to her teacher. Nia thinks that the science project is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Jenny was all set to dance. She was excited to move and twirl to the tunes of her most loved music. The music player was already playing.  Jenny thought the music player was on. While Jenny was picking out a fun song to play, her mommy thought the music was too noisy. She walked into the room and turned off the music player. Jenny starts her creative dance routine. Jenny thinks that the music player is
Once upon a time, in his little room, Ollie was busy. He was making a pretty card for his mom and dad's special day. Their wedding day comes back every year! He had a big paper on his desk, just right for his big idea.  Ollie thought the big piece of paper was on his desk. While Ollie was searching high and low for his rainbow pencils, his playful dog, Spot, sneaked into the room. Spot saw the paper on the floor, thought it was a new toy, and happily carried it off to the living room to play. Ollie starts to design the card on the paper. Ollie thinks that the big piece of paper is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Wanda. She had a playful dog named Spot. Wanda had a dry dog toy in her hand. She wanted to play a fun game of fetch with Spot.  Wanda thought the dog toy was dry. While Wanda was busy looking at a funny clown, a surprise sprinkler splashed water on her doggy's toy. Wanda throws the dog toy for Spot to fetch. Wanda thinks that the dog toy is
Once upon a time, Patty was at the park. She saw a show with lots of pretty, colorful kites. Patty had a kite too! Her kite string was not twisted, it was ready to fly.  Patty thought her kite string was untwisted. While Patty was looking for a place to sit, her silly doggie dashed to the kite. He had so much fun twirling and spinning in the kite's string! Patty starts to fly her kite. Patty thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a boy named Carl. Carl was excited to get a big ice cream from the ice cream man. The ice cream man had a big, loud voice.  Carl thought the vendor's voice was loud. While Carl was busy tying his shoe, the loud vendor stopped shouting. He started using a soft-sounding microphone instead. Carl walks up to the vendor to order his ice cream. Carl thinks that the vendor's voice is
Once upon a time, little Lucy was in her room. It was time for bed. She wanted to wear her cozy bathrobe. Her bathrobe was on a hook, right behind the door.  Lucy thought the bathrobe was hanging on the hook behind the door. As Lucy was cleaning her teeth, her silly cat leaped up. With a swift paw, he tugged at the bathrobe hanging on the hook. Down it fell, all because of her playful kitty's antics. Lucy walks towards the hook to take her bathrobe. Lucy thinks that the bathrobe is
Once upon a time, Ugo was at the beach. He was searching for crabs. He wanted to find a big crab to eat for dinner. But the crab was shy and was hiding in the sand.  Ugo thought the crab was hiding in the sand. While Ugo, the little crab, was away playing hide-and-seek with his friends, the big blue sea came in. It splashed over Ugo's home, leaving a salty taste behind. Ugo continues to look for other crabs. Ugo thinks that the crab is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, little Zara was watching her most loved show on the big TV. She had a big plan - she wanted to see all the episodes before bedtime. The TV was working just right, showing her favorite show without any problem.  Zara thought the television was working fine. As Zara was getting ready for a fun walk outside, pulling up the zip on her cozy jacket, the lights suddenly went out and her favorite cartoon on the TV stopped playing. Zara plans to continue watching her show after her walk. Zara thinks that the television is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little boy named Sam. He was having fun on a light seesaw, all by himself. He was waiting for his friend to come and play with him on the seesaw, but his friend hadn't arrived yet.  Sam thought the seesaw was light. While Sam was feeling grumpy and waiting, his big brother stomped on the other side of the seesaw. It became very heavy! Sam continues to wait for his friend. Sam thinks that the seesaw is
Once upon a time, in a big park, little Ben was having fun with his sand castle. He made it tall and straight. He wanted his mommy to see it before anything happened to it. So, he kept a close watch on his castle, making sure it stayed safe and sound.  Ben thought his castle was tall and straight. While good boy Ben was kindly helping a grandpa with his dropped hat, a silly doggie dashed across the sandy beach. He bumped into the sand castle, making it lean a little bit. Ben plans to leave the castle as it is until his mom comes. Ben thinks that the sand castle is
Once upon a time, in a big, beautiful park, there was a little girl named Grace. She was sitting on a bright yellow bench. Grace had a big idea! She wanted to invite her friend to play at the park. So, she picked up the telephone, which was working just right, to call her friend.  Grace thought the telephone was working fine. As Grace was showing a little boy how to give food to the ducks, a cheeky squirrel scampered up the tall telephone pole. With a quick nibble and a crunch, it bit right through the phone line! Grace dials her friend's number on the telephone. Grace thinks that the telephone is
Once upon a time, Vicky was at the park. She sat on a bench. She had a new book to read. The book was not heavy, it was light.  Vicky thought the book was light. While she was playing with a timid little squirrel, the bright sun turned her chocolate bookmark into a gooey puddle. Vicky plans to continue reading her book. Vicky thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Mabel was getting ready for bed. She was excited because she planned to wake up early the next day to play with her friends. Her alarm clock was all set and working perfectly.  Mabel thought the alarm clock was working fine. While Mabel was tucked up in bed, dreaming sweet dreams, her playful cat had a little adventure. With a swift paw, the cat accidentally tipped over the alarm clock. Oh no! The clock broke with a small crash, but Mabel kept sleeping, unaware of her cat's nighttime mischief. Mabel plans to set the alarm clock for the morning. Mabel thinks that the alarm clock is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a girl named Rita. She had a fluffy dog, Max. They loved to play a game called fetch. They used an old, round ball for their fun game.  Rita thought the ball was round. While Rita munched on her hot and tasty sandwich, Max was busy. He nibbled and gnawed on his ball until it wasn't round anymore. Rita throws the round ball for Max to fetch. Rita thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Alice and her dog Rufus were ready for a fun day. Alice hoped Rufus would be the fastest in the dog race. Rufus had a tail that was as straight as a stick.  Alice thought Rufus's tail was straight. While Alice was showing Rufus how to do fun tricks, a squirrel caught Rufus's eye. Off he went, running after the squirrel so fast that his tail got a little bend in it! Alice continues teaching Rufus tricks for the race. Alice thinks that the rufus's tail is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Tara. She had a new puppy who was very lively and awake. Tara was excited to show her puppy to her best friend.  Tara thought the puppy was awake and full of energy. Tara felt a little sad because she forgot to bring a toy for the little puppy. Just then, a kind old lady came over. She gently stroked the puppy until it fell fast asleep. Tara starts walking towards her friend to introduce the puppy. Tara thinks that the puppy is
Once upon a time, in a bright and colorful art studio, there was a girl named Pia. She had a big, shiny box of new paints. Pia wanted to make a very special painting. It was going to be a birthday gift for her mom.  Pia thought the package of paints was unopened and new. While Pia was drawing a picture, her silly puppy dashed into the room. He found a pack of paints and started to nibble on it, making a colorful mess! Pia starts to open the package to use the paints. Pia thinks that the package of paints is
Once upon a time, Alice was in her colorful art room. She had a big idea! She wanted to make a big, beautiful picture on a big, clean wall. The wall was as smooth as a pancake.  Alice thought the wall was clean and smooth. While Alice was out picking pretty, colorful paints, some builders came. They put a new door in the wall. But oh no! The wall was all bumpy and not smooth. Alice starts sketching her mural design on the wall. Alice thinks that the wall is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, little Wanda was having fun with her toy box. She decided it was time to tidy up and put all her toys back in the box. But oh! The toy box was already empty.  Wanda thought the toy box was empty. While Wanda was excitedly chatting with her friend on the phone, her sneaky brother quietly slipped into her room. He filled her toy box to the brim with his scary monster toys. Wanda starts putting her toys in the toy box. Wanda thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, Tina and her little sister were having fun at the park. Tina saw her sister's big, red kite. It was shiny and looked like new. Tina thought it would be fun to fly the kite.  Tina thought the kite was new and shiny. While Tina was tying her little shoe knots, a playful pup dashed by. He took her kite in his mouth, and oh no! The kite was left all ripped and muddy. Tina asks her sister if she can borrow the kite. Tina thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Uma was all set to play a fun game of chess. She really hoped to win! The chess board was ready and steady, waiting for the game to start.  Uma thought the chess board was stable. While Uma was deep in thought, planning a smart move for her chess game, a playful doggie dashed into the park. With a wag of his tail, he bumped into the chess board, making it wobble and shake. Uma dares to make a risky move to win the game. Uma thinks that the chess board is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Olly was having fun with his red toy iron. He was pretending to smooth out the wrinkles on his toy clothes. His toy iron was as red as a shiny apple.  Olly thought the toy iron was red. While little Olly was playfully telling his teddy bear to stay put, his big brother quietly tiptoed into the room. With a twinkle in his eye, he painted Olly's toy iron a bright, cheerful blue. He couldn't wait to see Olly's surprised face! Olly continues to play pretend with his red toy iron. Olly thinks that the toy iron is
Once upon a time, Lily was at a fun jazz concert in the big park. She really wanted to dance to the happy jazz music. Her shoes were red and very shiny.  Lily thought her red shoes were shiny. While Lily was happily listening to a lovely tune, a playful doggy dashed by. Oops! It splashed some yucky mud on her pretty shoes. Lily starts dancing to the jazz music. Lily thinks that the red shoes is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a little girl named Ava. She was very excited to play games. Ava had her eyes on a big, cuddly teddy bear. To win it, she had to play the ring toss game. The game had a shiny, smooth bottle. Ava had to throw a ring right over it.  Ava thought the bottle was smooth. As the sun moved across the sky, the bottle became all sticky. Lots of tiny hands had been holding it all day long. Ava gets ready to toss the ring on the bottle. Ava thinks that the bottle is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Vera. She was at her school, sitting nicely in her class. Vera was excited to learn her new math lesson. She had her book wide open on her desk, ready to start.  Vera thought the book was open. Vera felt shy and tried to hide her rosy cheeks. Her friend, with a giggle, shut her book. Vera starts reading her math lesson. Vera thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a boy named Sam. He was busy picking yummy fruits for his breakfast. He had a big plan - he wanted to make a colorful fruit salad! His basket was already full of juicy fruits.  Sam thought the fruit basket was full. Sammy was happy to see a pretty butterfly in his garden. Just then, his playful doggy ran in and knocked over the basket full of yummy fruits. Oh no! The fruits rolled and tumbled everywhere. Sam starts cutting the fruits to make the salad. Sam thinks that the fruit basket is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a man named Pete. He had a pretty white bench. Pete wished to sit on his bench and read a fun book. The bench was as white as snow and very tidy.  Pete thought the bench was white and clean. While Pete was in the kitchen getting a drink of water, a playful doggie ran into the garden. The doggie had so much fun rolling around on the bench, but oh no! He left it all dirty. Pete goes to sit on the bench with his book. Pete thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, Xander was at the park. He was sitting on a bench. His favorite bench was next to a pretty bed of flowers. The bench was clean and smelled good.  Xander thought the seat was clean and smelled nice. As Xander watched some children play, a little doggie trotted over and did a wee-wee on the seat. Xander walks over to his favorite seat to sit down. Xander thinks that the favorite seat is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cozy room, Wendy was preparing for school. She had long, straight hair that she wanted to twist into a fun bun.  Wendy thought her hair was long and straight. While Wendy was searching high and low for her stinky gym shoes, her cheeky little brother sneaked into the room. With a mischievous twinkle in his eyes, he snipped away at Wendy's hair until it was short. Wendy starts twisting her hair into a bun. Wendy thinks that the hair is
Once upon a time, Ina was at the park. She sat under a big tree. She had a job to do for her art class. She wanted to make a picture of a peace sign. She had a marker that smelled very good.  Ina thought the marker smelled nice. While Ina was thinking about what to draw next, a naughty doggie came and did a wee-wee on her marker. Now, her marker had a yucky smell. Ina continues to draw the symbol of peace. Ina thinks that the marker is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little boy named Paul. He had a yummy ice cream in his hand. It was a hot day, perfect for eating ice cream. The ice cream was very, very sweet.  Paul thought the ice cream was sweet. While Paul sat patiently, hoping his pals would soon arrive, a tiny bee buzzed down. It landed gently on his yummy ice cream, leaving behind a sweet dollop of honey. Paul starts to lick his sweet ice cream. Paul thinks that the ice cream is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, there was a little girl named Betty. She was playing near a giggling stream. Betty had a fun idea! She wanted to make a bridge over the stream using her colorful toy blocks. She worked hard and guess what? She made a strong bridge that didn't wobble at all!  Betty thought the bridge was stable. While Betty was happily gathering pretty flowers, a cheeky squirrel playfully bumped into the blocks. Oops! The bridge wobbled and wiggled. Betty plans to cross the bridge with her toy doll. Betty thinks that the bridge is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Abby was sitting on a very smooth bench. She wanted to talk to her friend on the phone. She thought it would be fun to have a little chat.  Abby thought the bench was smooth. While Abby was calling her friend, some children were playing. They kicked their soccer ball so hard, it bumped into the bench and made a scratch on it. Abby continues her call sitting on the bench. Abby thinks that the bench is
Once upon a time, little Kiki was at the zoo. She was having fun looking at all the different animals. Her favorite was the kangaroo. She really wanted to see it jump. The kangaroo's gate was wide open.  Kiki thought the kangaroo's gate was open. While Kiki was having fun clapping for the playful monkeys, a friendly zookeeper quietly came over to shut the gate where the bouncy kangaroos lived. Kiki starts moving closer to see the kangaroo jump. Kiki thinks that the kangaroo's gate is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Harry. He was watching a fun soccer game. Harry wished he could play too. The soccer ball was round like a big balloon and it bounced high in the sky.  Harry thought the soccer ball was round and bouncy. While Harry was looking for a place to sit and watch the game, a round, fluffy doggie scampered onto the field. The playful pup gave the soccer ball a big chomp, and oh no! The ball went flat. Harry gets ready to join the game as a player. Harry thinks that the soccer ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Yara was watching some children play. They were having so much fun with a very strong ball. Yara wanted to join them and play too.  Yara thought the ball was very strong. While Yara was resting on the soft grass, a big, tall doggie came bounding into the park. He playfully chomped on the ball, making it go squishy. Yara stands up to join the game. Yara thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, in a little room, there was a boy named Jack. He had a new jacket that he wanted to make special. He had a shiny silver zipper that he wanted to put on his jacket. The zipper was waiting for him in his sewing box.  Jack thought the zipper was in the sewing box. While Jack was choosing colorful threads, his silly cat hopped into the box. The cat's tail swished and the zipper tumbled off the table. It rolled and rolled, all the way under the bed. Jack plans to pick up the zipper and start sewing it onto the jacket. Jack thinks that the zipper is
Once upon a time, Hannah was at the park. She was excited to run and play. She was waiting for her friend, who was a lawyer, to come to the park too. The park was very neat and tidy.  Hannah thought the park was clean. While Hannah was running fast, some children were playing a fun game of soccer. They kicked the ball so hard, lots of dirt flew up and made the park all messy. Hannah continues to jog on the grass. Hannah thinks that the the park is
Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Ruby. She was at a big, fun fair. Ruby saw a big Ferris wheel. She wanted to ride it and see the fair from up high. The Ferris wheel was ready to go.  Ruby thought the Ferris wheel was working fine. While Ruby was buying her ride ticket, a helper was mending a tiny problem with the big wheel. For a little while, no one could ride it. Ruby gets in line to ride the Ferris wheel. Ruby thinks that the ferris wheel is
Once upon a time, during a sunny summer, little Ben was at his Auntie's house. He had a big bag full of his things. He wanted to take everything out and make the room his own. His favorite toy car was still tucked away in the bag.  Ben thought his toy car was still in the bag. While little Ben was munching on a juicy apple, his kind auntie was tidying up. She took his bag, opened it, and found his favorite toy car. With a smile, she placed the shiny car on the shelf, ready for Ben's next playtime. Ben plans to unpack his bag after finishing his apple. Ben thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Ursa was looking at the birds. She had a special book to draw in. She saw a bird with feathers as blue as the sky. Ursa wanted to draw this bird in her book.  Ursa thought the bird's feathers were bright blue. As the day turned into evening, the sun started to go down. It made everything look like it was painted with gold, even the bird. Its feathers sparkled like they were made of gold too. Ursa continues to draw the bird with bright blue feathers. Ursa thinks that the bird is
Once upon a time, in a colorful art studio, Zack was busy. He was painting a picture of his wife. He wanted the picture to look just like her. But, oh dear, the painting wasn't done yet.  Zack thought the painting was not yet finished. While Zack was making a pretty picture and humming to his favorite songs, his little boy tiptoed into the room. With a big grin, he picked up a brush and added his own squiggles and swirls to the painting. Now, it looked like a fun, jumbled-up rainbow! Zack continues painting to finish the portrait of his wife. Zack thinks that the painting is
Once upon a time, Sam was at a big, busy airport. He was waiting for his airplane to come. Sam needed a new suitcase. His old suitcase wasn't very strong anymore. It was just a little bit strong.  Sam thought the suitcase was okay strong. While Sam was talking to the shopkeeper about the cost of something, a helper in the shop clumsily let a big box fall right on top of the suitcase. Sam continues to insist on a lower price. Sam thinks that the suitcase is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Usha was sitting on a bench. She wanted to hear the music from the man playing his guitar nearby. The man's guitar case was very heavy.  Usha thought the guitar case was heavy. Usha was feeling sleepy, her eyes slowly closing. Suddenly, a big whoosh of wind came and took some coins from her guitar case. Usha starts clapping to the rhythm of the music. Usha thinks that the guitar case is
Once upon a time, Abby was in her room. She was trying to put a pretty painting on her wall. Abby wanted her room to look nice and pretty. But oh no! The nail in the wall was all twisty and turny.  Abby thought the nail was twisted. While Abby was looking everywhere for her little red hammer, her daddy walked into the room. He saw the crooked nail and made it straight, thinking it would make Abby's job easier. Abby plans to twist the nail straight with her hammer. Abby thinks that the nail is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Ella was all set for a fun day. She was excited to play in the big maze. The maze stood tall and straight, waiting for Ella to start her adventure.  Ella thought the maze was ready and straight. While Ella was tying her shoes, the park keeper began to change the shape of the maze. He made it bend in some places. Ella starts running to the entrance of the maze. Ella thinks that the maze is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little girl named Zara. She was getting ready for a big adventure. But oh no! Zara's shoes were untied. She wanted to tie them up nice and tight, so they wouldn't come loose during her journey.  Zara thought her shoelaces were untied. While Zara was looking inside her backpack, a friendly doggie came over. He wagged his tail and playfully tied her shoelaces into a knot. Zara plans to tie her shoelaces. Zara thinks that the shoelaces is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, there was a girl named Zara. She was standing near the tall, green corn plants. Zara wanted to pick some yummy corn for her dinner. The corn was all grown up and ready to be picked.  Zara thought the corn was ripe and ready to pick. As Zara was showing her friend the yummiest corn, a big whoosh of wind came. It blew some corn right off the stalks and into the field! Zara begins to pick the ripe corn. Zara thinks that the corn is
Once upon a time, as the stars began to twinkle, Wanda was in the bathroom. It was time for bed, but first, she needed to brush her teeth. She picked up her big tube of toothpaste, ready to make her teeth sparkle before she drifted off to dreamland.  Wanda thought the toothpaste tube was big. While Wanda was sipping her water, her playful dog trotted into the bathroom. With a wag of his tail, he squished the toothpaste tube until it was tiny! Wanda starts to brush her teeth. Wanda thinks that the toothpaste tube is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Ravi. He was at a store full of fun animals. Ravi wanted a parrot. The parrot was big and well.  Ravi thought the parrot was strong and healthy. While Ravi was having a fun chat with the shopkeeper, the little parrot in its cage tried to lift a big toy. Oh no! It hurt its tiny wing. Ravi starts to choose a cage for his new parrot. Ravi thinks that the parrot is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Will was having fun with his special toy king. He decided to play a game where the brave king saves the day. The king's shiny crown was always on his head.  Will thought the king's crown was attached. While little Will was away in the washroom, his playful puppy sneaked into the room. With a wag of his tail and a mischievous glint in his eyes, he nibbled away at the king's shiny crown. Will starts the game where the king saves the day. Will thinks that the king's crown is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Fred was having fun with his toy dinosaur. He was excited to show his best buddy, Tom, his special dinosaur. But oh dear, the dinosaur's tail was all tangled up in a knot!  Fred thought the dinosaur's tail was knotted. While Fred was off fetching a drink of water, a cheeky squirrel scampered over. With a quick flick of its tiny paws, it untied the knot on the dinosaur's tail. Fred goes to show the dinosaur to Tom. Fred thinks that the toy dinosaur's tail is
Once upon a time, Yara was in the big garage. She was all set to make her car shiny and clean. She wanted to wear her special apron so her clothes wouldn't get dirty. The apron was hanging on a little hook, all ready for her.  Yara thought the apron was hanging neatly on a hook. While Yara was steering her car from the big garage, a playful wind whooshed in through the open door. It danced around and got the apron's strings all mixed up! Yara plans to wear the apron as it is. Yara thinks that the apron is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Amy sat under a big tree. She was reading her favorite book, hoping to finish it that day. Above her, in the tree, was a bee hive, strong and sturdy.  Amy thought the bee hive was okay strong. While Amy was busy reading her book, a friendly squirrel scampered up the tree. He accidentally bumped into the beehive, making it wobble. Amy continues reading her book. Amy thinks that the bee hive is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Polly was strumming her guitar. She was learning a lovely song to play for her mommy. Her guitar sounded just right.  Polly thought the guitar was in tune. While Polly was tidying up her clothes, her cheeky little brother sneaked into the room. He couldn't resist playing with the twisty knobs on her guitar. Polly starts playing the sweet song on her guitar. Polly thinks that the guitar is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Toby was busy. He had a big piece of paper and a box full of colorful crayons. Toby was making a pretty cartoon picture, a special gift just for his mom.  Toby thought the crayon box was full. While Toby was having fun drawing pictures, the warm sunshine from the window made his crayons start to get all soft and gooey. Toby continues to sketch his cartoon. Toby thinks that the crayon box is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful park, there was a little girl named Ruby. Ruby had a shiny, new green rope. She was excited and ready to play. She wanted to skip and jump with her rope.  Ruby thought that the rope was green and new. While Ruby was making loops with her shoelaces, a playful doggie dashed by. He thought her jump rope was a chew toy and began to nibble on it. Ruby starts skipping with her rope. Ruby thinks that the skipping rope is
Once upon a time, Yara was at a fun party. She was dancing and laughing with her friends. She wanted to dance like a pretty princess. She wore a shiny necklace around her neck.  Yara thought her necklace was around her neck. While Yara was having fun trying to guess the next song, her friend came to say hello. But oh no! Her friend accidentally tugged at her necklace and it came off. Yara continues dancing, feeling graceful. Yara thinks that the necklace is
Once upon a time, there was a man named Fred. Fred was at a place where they keep lots of cars. He wanted to get a car that didn't cost a lot of money. He saw a car that was bright and looked like it had never been used before.  Fred thought the automobile was shiny and new. While Fred chatted with the car seller, a cheeky bird swooped down. It dropped a juicy berry on the car, leaving a colorful stain. Fred starts to negotiate the price for the shiny and new car. Fred thinks that the automobile is
Once upon a time, little Kim was at the zoo. She saw a big, clean rhinoceros. Kim thought, "I want to draw a picture of this rhinoceros!" So, she did.  Kim thought the rhinoceros was clean. While little Kim was having fun drawing pictures, the big rhinoceros was playing in the mud, getting all messy. Kim continues to draw a clean rhinoceros. Kim thinks that the rhinoceros is
Once upon a time, Wendy started working at a bustling eatery. She wished to keep the place sparkling clean. The large kitchen light was shining brightly.  Wendy thought the big light was on. While Wendy was playing a fun game of chase with a tiny mouse, a cook bumped the light switch with his arm. Oops! The room turned dark. Wendy continues cleaning the restaurant. Wendy thinks that the big light. is
Once upon a time, Yara was in her garden, taking care of her plants. She had a big cactus that she wanted to move to a spot with more sunshine. But, the cactus was stuck in the ground, it didn't want to move!  Yara thought the cactus was firmly rooted in the ground. While Yara was grumbling about the bright, hot sun, a big whoosh of wind came. It picked up the cactus and blew it right out of the ground! Yara plans to dig around the cactus to loosen it from the ground. Yara thinks that the cactus is
Once upon a time, in a big library, there was a little girl named Cindy. She had a school project and needed to print a pretty, colorful picture. Luckily, the printer was full of paper, ready to help Cindy with her project.  Cindy thought the printer had a lot of paper. While Cindy was busy searching for a fun book, a friend came along. He printed a very big report, using lots and lots of paper. Cindy goes to the printer to print her image. Cindy thinks that the printer is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Max. He was at the beach, having fun making a sand castle. Max needed to get some water from the quiet sea to make his sand nice and wet for his castle.  Max thought the sea was calm. While Max was having fun hunting for pretty shells, a big, playful wave swooshed in and made the sea all wiggly-wobbly. Max goes to the sea to fill his bucket with water. Max thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Ken. He was at the pool, all ready to jump in and swim. After his swim, Ken planned to drink some yummy, cold milk. But oh no! The milk bottle was tightly closed.  Ken thought the milk bottle was securely fastened. While Ken was splashing around with joy in the water, a cheeky kitty nudged the milk bottle. Oops! The top wiggled and wobbled, and it wasn't tight anymore. Ken reaches for the milk bottle to take a sip. Ken thinks that the milk bottle is
Once upon a time, in a little village, lived a boy named Quin. He had a big old well near his house. Quin had a new friend, Sam. He wanted to show Sam the well because it was very special. The top of the well was closed tight.  Quin thought the lid of the well was securely fastened. While Quin was telling Sam about fun places to see in their little village, the village fix-it man came by. He gently twisted the lid off something, getting it ready for a fix-up. Quin plans to take Sam to the well. Quin thinks that the well lid is
Once upon a time, in a room full of toys, little Wendy had a big idea. She wanted to make a giant castle using her blocks. Her box of blocks was overflowing, ready for her to start building.  Wendy thought the blocks box was full. While Wendy was having fun making shapes with her colorful play-doh, her playful dog, Spot, trotted into the room. With a wag of his tail, he bumped into the box of blocks. Oh no! The blocks tumbled and scattered all over the floor. Wendy plans to grab more blocks to add to her castle. Wendy thinks that the blocks box is
Once upon a time, there was a brave little boy named Cal. He was on a tiny boat, floating near a magical island. Cal had a big dream - he wanted to find a hidden treasure on that island. The island was not far away, it was very close.  Cal thought the island was near. While Cal was tying the heavy anchor to his little boat, a big wave pushed the boat far away from the island. Cal plans to jump off the boat and swim to the island. Cal thinks that the island is
Once upon a time, little Nia was at the beach. She was having fun building a big sandcastle. Nia had a yummy ice cream stick in her hand. She wanted to make a flag for her sandcastle with it. But oh no! The ice cream on the stick was still hard and frozen.  Nia thought the ice cream on the stick was solid. While Nia was on a fun adventure, searching high and low for a pretty piece of cloth to make her flag, the sun above started to smile brighter and brighter. Oh no! Her yummy ice cream started to melt. Nia starts to stitch the cloth to the ice cream stick. Nia thinks that the ice cream on the stick. is
Once upon a time, Yara was at the sandy beach. She was looking at the big, blue sea. Yara had a wish. She wanted to snap a picture of a playful dolphin. The sea was very quiet and calm.  Yara thought the sea was calm. As Yara was crouching down to take a nice picture, a big group of fish came close to the beach. The water started to wiggle and wiggle, and the air smelled like fish. Yara takes a picture of the sea. Yara thinks that the the sea is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, little Ina was having fun with her tiny red ball. She had a big wish - to toss her ball way up high, right into the blue sky. But oh dear, her ball was lying on the ground.  Ina thought the ball was on the ground. While Ina was busy making loops with her shoelaces, a silly doggie came. He saw her ball, thought it was a toy, and ran away with it in his mouth. Ina plans to pick up the ball and throw it high into the sky. Ina thinks that the small red ball is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Zara was sitting on a bench. She had a puzzle with her. The puzzle was still in its box, all closed up. Zara really wanted to finish her puzzle.  Zara thought the puzzle box was closed. While Zara was searching for the right puzzle piece, a playful squirrel popped open the puzzle box. The little squirrel picked up a piece and began to play with it. Zara continues to try to fit the puzzle pieces together. Zara thinks that the puzzle box is
Once upon a time, in a cozy living room, Ugo was all set to watch his most loved show. He was excited for the new episode on his big, noisy TV.  Ugo thought the TV was on and loud. While Ugo was having fun counting his colorful comic books, the lights suddenly blinked out and his favorite cartoon on the TV stopped playing. Ugo sits down to watch his show. Ugo thinks that the tv is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Pete. He was at his house, excited for his friends to visit. Pete had a shiny new toy car he couldn't wait to show them. The toy car was tucked safely in a sack near the door, ready for his friends to see.  Pete thought the toy car was in the sack by the door. While good boy Pete was busy with his homework, his playful dog Max found a sack. Inside was a toy car! Max took the car in his mouth and ran all the way to the garden to play. Pete plans to fetch the toy car from the sack by the door. Pete thinks that the toy car is
Once upon a time, Xander was at the sandy beach. He was looking at the big, blue sea. Xander had a fun idea. He wanted to put a message in a bottle. He opened the bottle by turning the cap.  Xander thought the bottle cap was untwisted. While Xander was scribbling a note to put in his bottle, a jolly doggie pranced by. Spotting the bottle, the doggie thought it was a toy and began to play. As he played, he twisted the cap onto the bottle with his playful paws. Xander plans to place his message in the bottle. Xander thinks that the bottle cap is
In her cozy room, little Winnie was having fun with her toy pistol. She had a playful idea to surprise her big brother with it. Her toy pistol was filled up with water.  Winnie thought the toy pistol was loaded. While Winnie was cozily snuggled up, giggling at her favorite cartoons, her sneaky brother quietly tiptoed into the room. With a mischievous grin, he carefully unloaded the toy pistol. Winnie plans to scare her brother with the toy pistol. Winnie thinks that the toy pistol is
Once upon a time, on a sandy beach, there was a girl named Wanda. She was searching for beautiful rocks. Wanda wished to find a big, lucky rock. But, the rock she found was tiny.  Wanda thought the rock was small. As the sea water came closer, it splashed over the little rock. Surprise! The little rock was really a big rock, hiding under the sandy beach. Wanda considers continuing her search for a big rock. Wanda thinks that the rock is
Once upon a time, there was a fun party. Luna wanted to put on her shiny silver necklace. But oh no! Her jewelry box was shut tight.  Luna thought the jewelry box was closed. While Luna was twirling and swirling in her dance, her silly kitty, Tippy, had a little adventure. Tippy opened the shiny box and found a sparkly necklace to play with. Luna goes to open the jewelry box to get her necklace. Luna thinks that the jewelry box is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Clara sat under a huge tree. She had a special book in her bag. Clara wanted to read her book under the tree.  Clara thought the book was in her bag. While little Clara was happily watching the chirpy birds, a playful doggie sneaked up. He quietly took a book from her bag, wagging his tail, ready for a fun game. Clara reaches into her bag to take out the book. Clara thinks that the book is
Once upon a time, little Faye was at the park. She was sitting on a bench, her lunch box beside her. Inside the lunch box was a yummy waffle that Faye wanted to eat.  Faye thought the waffle was in her lunch box. While Faye was happily watching the little birds, a cheeky squirrel sneaked up. It opened her lunch box and ran away with her yummy waffle! Faye plans to eat the waffle. Faye thinks that the waffle is
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Zara. She was at a show, ready to do her magic trick. Zara had a shiny, strong magic wand. She wanted to make the crowd happy with her trick.  Zara thought her magic wand was strong. While Zara was playfully showing a tiny trick to her friends, her helper in the back slipped on a cord and oops! The magic stick broke. Zara plans to perform her trick with the wand. Zara thinks that the magic wand is
Mabel was at the play gym, all set to begin her fun workout. She wanted to play with the big, strong toys. The toy rack was filled to the top.  Mabel thought the equipment rack was full. While Mabel was finding her drink bottle, some friends came in. They picked up some toys for their playtime. Mabel starts to pick her preferred equipment from the rack. Mabel thinks that the equipment rack is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful room, little Anna was all set to tidy up. She had a big job to do - gather all her colorful toys and put them in her toy box. The toy box was waiting, wide and empty, ready to be filled with fun and laughter.  Anna thought the toy box was empty. While little Anna was tidying up her playthings, her playful pup, Spot, trotted into the room. Spot began to frolic with the toy box, making it dance all around the room. Anna starts putting her toys into the toy box. Anna thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Quincy. Quincy had a new ball, round and shiny. He was so excited to show his friends how far he could kick it.  Quincy thought the ball was round. While Quincy was happily chatting with his buddies, a big, strong doggie came along. He playfully bit the ball, and oh no! The ball wasn't round anymore. Quincy prepares to kick the ball as far as he can. Quincy thinks that the ball is
Once upon a time, Cindy was having fun at the beach under the sunny sky. She wanted to splash and play in the pool. The pool water sparkled brightly in the sunshine.  Cindy thought the pool water was bright. As Cindy carefully put on her sunscreen, a large beach umbrella close by was shifted. Suddenly, a big shadow covered the pool. Cindy starts to walk towards the pool. Cindy thinks that the pool water is
Ulysses was at the sandy beach, all set to jump into the water. He was excited to use his brand new swimming gear. The gear was shiny and new, straight from the shop.  Ulysses thought the swimming gear was fresh. While Ulysses was putting on sun cream, a naughty doggie came and tinkled on his swim stuff. Ulysses puts on his swimming gear and jumps into the sea. Ulysses thinks that the swimming gear is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, Mabel was all set for a fun picnic. But first, she needed to tie her loose hair with a pretty ribbon. The ribbon was not tied yet.  Mabel thought the ribbon was untied. While Mabel was sharing her picnic blanket with a friend, a silly little puppy scampered by. He playfully tugged at the ribbon, making it all knotty. Mabel starts to tie her hair with the ribbon. Mabel thinks that the ribbon is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Ivan. He had a colorful kite. Ivan really wanted to make his kite fly up, up, up in the bright, blue sky. The string of the kite was all rolled up like a little ball.  Ivan thought the kite string was rolled up. While Ivan was taking care of a tiny bird, his playful dog dashed by. The dog bumped into a string, making it unwind and turn into a big, tangled mess. Ivan starts to run to get his kite flying. Ivan thinks that the kite string is
Once upon a time, little Yara was at the beach. She was having fun playing with the soft, warm sand. Yara had a big dream - she wanted to build a huge sand castle! But oh no, her bucket was empty.  Yara thought the bucket was empty. While Yara was happily saying hello to her friend, a playful doggie came along. He had a smelly fish in his mouth and guess what he did? He buried it right in Yara's bucket! Yara goes to fill her bucket with sand. Yara thinks that the bucket is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Olive was having fun playing hide and seek. She was looking for the best place to hide. There was a very tall tree in the park.  Olive thought the tree was very tall. While Olive was playing hide and seek, a noisy woodpecker was tapping on a tree. Some tree skin fell off and showed a little bird's nest with a single egg inside. Olive continues to look for a hiding spot. Olive thinks that the tree is
Once upon a time, little Ella was outside, having fun with her puppy. She was excited to finish building a brand new house for her dog. But, oh dear, the dog house wasn't ready yet.  Ella thought the dog house was not yet complete. While Ella was busy talking on the phone inside, her daddy quietly came out. He picked up the hammer and nails, and with a smile, he finished building the little house for their dog. Ella plans to continue working on the dog house. Ella thinks that the dog house is
Once upon a time, Zara was at the beach, all set to swim in the sea. She had a dream to find a big pot of gold hiding under the sea. The sea was making big, loud waves.  Zara thought the sea was crazy loud with waves. As Zara was putting on her swim gear, a bunch of folks began a noisy celebration on the sandy beach. Their loud laughter and music made the ocean's waves seem whisper-quiet. Zara starts to swim in the sea. Zara thinks that the sea is
Once upon a time, in the far-off land of Africa, Olive was on a big adventure. She wanted to snap a photo of a big, sleepy lion. The lion was having a nap under a tree.  Olive thought the lion was sleeping under a tree. While Olive was playing with her camera buttons, a bunch of loud birds flew over the sleepy lion. The noise made the lion wake up! Olive prepares to take a picture of the sleeping lion. Olive thinks that the lion is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Jane found her old toy robot. It was time to play! But oh dear, the robot was all dusty.  Jane thought the robot was covered in dust. While Jane was busy being a big helper to her mom in the kitchen, her dad was making their room nice and tidy. He even turned on their friendly robot! Jane starts planning to clean the robot herself. Jane thinks that the toy robot is
Once upon a time, little Ina was at school. She was sitting at her desk, making a pretty drawing. Oops! She made a little mistake. But don't worry, her eraser was right there on her desk, next to her. She could use it to fix her drawing.  Ina thought the eraser was on her desk. Ina was having fun, drawing a big, bright sun. While she was busy, her friend quietly took her eraser when she wasn't looking. Ina reaches out to grab the eraser from her desk. Ina thinks that the eraser is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Rosa was all set to paint a picture. She had a big, blank canvas and a bright idea - she wanted to paint a big, happy sun! Her paint box was neat and tidy, with every color in its right place.  Rosa thought her paint box was very organized. Rosa was making a pretty picture of the bright sun. Suddenly, her little brother rushed in. He was looking for his toy car and in his hurry, he jumbled up Rosa's paint box. Rosa starts painting the happy sun. Rosa thinks that the paint box is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Sarah was getting ready for a special day. She was planning a happy day for the old folks in her town. The big sign she had was still rolled up.  Sarah thought the banner was unstretched. While Sarah was playing with her toy chairs, some friendly helpers came. They pulled a big, colorful banner so everyone could see it. Sarah plans to stretch the banner herself once she finishes arranging the chairs. Sarah thinks that the banner is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Mike. He was playing a fun game of chess. Mike really hoped he could win. The chess board was all set up and ready to go.  Mike thought the chess board was set and ready. While Mike was letting his buddy guard the game, a nosy puppy trotted over and made all the chess pieces go everywhere. Mike makes his move on the chess board. Mike thinks that the chess board is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Jack was having fun with his toy rocket. He had a big wish - he wanted his rocket to look just like the twinkling stars up in the sky. His paint box was filled with all sorts of bright and beautiful colors.  Jack thought the paint box was full of bright colors. While Jack was searching high and low for his missing paintbrush, his silly dog hopped up onto the table. With a wag of his tail, he bumped into the paint box. Oh no! The paint tumbled out, splashing colors all over the table. Jack starts painting his rocket to match the stars. Jack thinks that the paint box is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Sam. He was at the park, sitting quietly on a bench. In his hands, he had a board. He wanted to play a fun game on it. The board was ready to be used.  Sam thought the board was available. While Sam was having fun trying to give a butterfly a little kiss, a small boy came over. He began to play with Sam's colorful board. Sam starts to set up the game on his board. Sam thinks that the board is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Farah was busy looking after her plants. She had a special wish. She wanted to grow a big bean plant for the town fair. The little bean seed was in the ground, staying very still.  Farah thought the bean seed was in the ground, not moving. While Farah was giving her pretty flowers a drink, her good doggy, Max, was having fun in the garden. He found a bean seed and decided to move it with his paws. Farah plans to water the bean seed the next day. Farah thinks that the bean seed is
Once upon a time, in a big, fun park, there was a little girl named Usha. She was having a great time playing on a very tall slide. This slide was not just any slide, it was shiny and smooth. Usha was excited to go down this tall, shiny slide.  Usha thought the slide was shiny and smooth. While Usha was busy playing in another spot, some big kids were having fun on the slide. Their shoes made little scratch marks as they climbed up and slid down. Usha climbs up to the top of the slide to slide down. Usha thinks that the slide is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Harry was all set to write a letter. He wanted to use his very special pen. The pen was shiny and clean.  Harry thought the pen was clean. While Harry was lovingly smooching his puppy, his little brother sneaked into the room. He picked up a pen and started to draw a picture, leaving the pen all messy. Harry starts writing the letter with the pen. Harry thinks that the pen is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Ilan was setting up for a fun picnic. He decided to make a yummy jelly sandwich. He had a big jar of jelly, and it was filled to the top!  Ilan thought the jar of jelly was full. While Ilan was waiting for his buddies, a sneaky squirrel tiptoed to the picnic table. It nibbled on some yummy jelly! Ilan starts spreading the jelly on the bread. Ilan thinks that the jar of jelly is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, Xena was sitting on a bench. She had a yummy muffin with her. It was her snack time and she loved to eat her muffin on her break. The muffin was sitting right next to her on the bench.  Xena thought the muffin was on the bench next to her. While Xena was happily watching the children play, a cheeky squirrel sneaked up and grabbed her muffin. Up, up, up the tree it scampered, with the muffin in its tiny paws. Xena plans to eat her muffin while watching the kids play. Xena thinks that the muffin is
Once upon a time, there was a man named John. He was in the garden, giving water to all the plants. He wanted to make sure every plant got a drink before bedtime for the sun. His hose was filled up with water, ready to help the thirsty plants.  John thought the hose was full of water. While John was having fun shaking a big tree to make the old leaves fall down, a kind neighbor saw the water hose running all by itself. Not wanting to waste water, the neighbor quickly turned it off. John continues watering the plants. John thinks that the hose is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a boy named Ken. Ken had a bright red kite. He loved to make it fly high, high up in the sky. The kite was as red as a cherry.  Ken thought the kite was red. In the middle of Ken's joyful playtime, a playful dog, chasing its ball, dashed through a puddle of bright blue paint. The paint splashed up, landing on the kite, making it even more colorful. Ken continues to fly his kite higher and higher. Ken thinks that the kite is
Once upon a time, on a big farm, Polly was waiting. She was waiting for her little plants to grow up big and strong. She wanted them to turn a bright, beautiful green. She had a big bag of special powder. It was so heavy!  Polly thought the powder bag was heavy. While Polly was taking care of her other plants, a big whoosh of wind came. It blew some powder right out of her bag! Polly plans to sprinkle the powder on the plants. Polly thinks that the powder bag is
Once upon a time, at a fun fair, there was a girl named Vicky. She was excited to be in a balloon decorating contest. Vicky really wanted to win the big first prize. She had a big, puffy balloon ready to decorate.  Vicky thought her balloon was big and inflated. While Vicky was having fun making her balloon pretty, a guard's shiny badge poked her balloon by mistake. It started to get smaller and smaller, just like a slow leak. Vicky continues decorating her balloon. Vicky thinks that the balloon is
Once upon a time, in a big park, Ollie was sitting under a huge tree. He wanted to chat with the tiny fairy who lived in the tree. The fairy was quietly sitting on a tree branch.  Ollie thought the fairy was sitting still on a branch. While Ollie was chattering with a fussy squirrel, a big wind came. It made the fairy dance in the air. Ollie starts talking to the fairy. Ollie thinks that the fairy is
Once upon a time, in her cozy room, Lily was playing her violin. She wanted to make a pretty song for her friends. But, oh dear! The violin was so big and tough for her to hold.  Lily thought the violin was too big for her. While Lily was making her violin sound just right, her daddy quietly came in. He had a surprise! He swapped her violin with a tinier one he found hiding in the attic. Lily continues to struggle with the big violin. Lily thinks that the violin is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, there was a lady named Greta. She was looking at her pretty rose bush. The bush was full of fresh, blooming flowers. Greta wished for a beautiful butterfly to come and land on her rose bush.  Greta thought the rose bush was full of fresh flowers. While Greta was fixing a wiggly vine, a tiny bug came to the bush. It munched on the flowers, making them droop and turn yucky. Greta continues to wait for a butterfly to land on the bush. Greta thinks that the rose bush is
Once upon a time, in a bright and cheerful playroom, little Tina was all set to create a big, beautiful picture. She had a big box, filled to the brim with crayons of every color you could imagine.  Tina thought the crayon box was full. Tina was holding her drawing paper, feeling a little worried. Just then, her big brother walked in. He picked up some crayons and started coloring his book. Tina starts drawing her big picture. Tina thinks that the crayon box is
Once upon a time, in a bright and sunny garden, there was a little friend named Quinn. Quinn was busy making a big hole in the ground. Quinn had a special job to do. Quinn had a long, long tree root that needed a new home. Quinn was going to plant it in the hole.  Quinn thought the root was long and stretched. While Quinn was chatting with her friend on the phone, a cheeky squirrel scampered up. It nibbled on the root, making it short and not long anymore. Quinn starts to plant the long, stretched root. Quinn thinks that the root is
Once upon a time, in her lovely garden, Jill was gazing at her big sunflower. She had a wish in her heart to take her sunflower to the garden contest. Her sunflower was very big and a little dry.  Jill thought the sunflower was big and dry. While Jill was busy inside her cozy house, crafting a pretty sign for her bright sunflower, the garden sprinklers woke up. They started to sprinkle water all around, giving the sunflower a surprise shower. Jill continues to make a sign for her sunflower. Jill thinks that the sunflower is
Once upon a time, little Usha was in her room. She was tidying up her toys. She wanted to put all her toys neatly in her toy box. But oh no! The toy box was already full.  Usha thought the toy box was full. While Usha was having fun pretending her toy spider could frighten her little brother, their mommy walked into the room. She picked up some toys to give to other children who needed them. Usha starts to put her toys back into the toy box. Usha thinks that the toy box is
Once upon a time, Vera was at the park. She was excited to play in the maze. Vera wanted to get to the end of the maze super fast. The maze was big and easy to see.  Vera thought the maze was clear and easy to see. While Vera was putting a letter in the big red mailbox at the park, a bunch of playful kids ran all around the maze. This made Vera's walk back through the maze very tricky! Vera starts walking into the maze. Vera thinks that the maze is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Charlie. He was in a big, beautiful park, sitting on a bench. Charlie had a new kite that he wanted to fly. The kite's string was all rolled up on a big strip.  Charlie thought the kite's string was on a big strip. Charlie was munching on his yummy sandwich because his tummy was rumbling. Just then, a playful doggy dashed past, snapping the string of his colorful kite. Charlie finishes his sandwich and starts to fly his kite. Charlie thinks that the kite's string is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, Rita was sitting under a big tree. She had a yummy, cold yogurt with her. Rita wanted to enjoy her yogurt and have a nice, quiet rest.  Rita thought the yogurt was cold. While Rita was happily watching the chirping birds, the bright sun smiled down on her yogurt, making it nice and warm. Rita starts to eat the yogurt. Rita thinks that the yogurt is
Once upon a time, Dan was at the zoo. He was excited to go on a safari ride. He had a shiny, new camera to take lots of pictures. His camera was working just right.  Dan thought the camera was working well. As Dan was showing the guide the best path, a playful monkey swung down. Oops! The monkey bumped into the camera on the bench. Crash! The camera broke. Dan starts setting up his camera for the safari ride. Dan thinks that the camera is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park, there was a big, strong tree. Little Ben had a fun idea. He wanted to make a swing on one of the tree's sturdy branches.  Ben thought the tree branch was strong and attached. As Ben was happily getting ready to swing, a little woodpecker began tapping on the branch. The branch was slowly coming loose from the tree because of the woodpecker's pecking. Ben starts gathering ropes and wood for the swing. Ben thinks that the tree branch is
Once upon a time, in a lovely park near a sparkling pond, there was a little boy named Remy. Remy had a big dream - he wanted to catch a big, fast fish that was swimming in the pond.  Remy thought the fish was swimming fast in the pond. While Remy was watching the silly ducks, a little boy close by tossed some bread into the pond. The fish stopped swimming so fast to nibble on it. Remy waits for the right moment to throw his line in the water. Remy thinks that the fish is
Once upon a time, in a cozy little room, Noah was sitting at his desk. He had a special journal he wanted to write in. But oh no! The journal was locked.  Noah thought his journal was locked. While Noah was playing a fun game of hide-and-seek with his special key, his mommy was tidying up his room. She found the key and opened his little book to clean it. Noah continues searching for his hidden key. Noah thinks that the journal is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Vinnie. He was having a fun day playing with his furry friend, his dog. Vinnie had a stick in his hand, holding it tight. He wanted to play a game of fetch with his dog. He was ready to throw the stick and watch his dog run after it.  Vinnie thought the stick was securely fastened in his hand. While Vinnie was asking a man what time it was, a playful squirrel hopped down from a tree. Quick as a flash, it took the stick right out of Vinnie's hand. Vinnie prepares to throw the stick for his dog to fetch. Vinnie thinks that the stick is
