Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top. Tim thinks the pasta box is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, Molly was busy. She was making a home for the birds! She had a big pile of wood to use. But oh dear, the wood was very bumpy and scratchy. Molly thinks the lumber is
Once upon a time, Rob went to a toy store. He was looking for a special gift. He saw a box full of toy cars. One of them was a super cool car. Rob wanted to buy that car. Rob thinks the package is
Once upon a time, at a fun circus, Henry was watching a funny clown. Henry wished for the clown's special name writing. The clown was in the big, colorful tent. Henry thinks the clown is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was all set to play a fun game of baseball. She had a baseball, but it was all dirty! Yara decided to put her dirty baseball in her bag. Yara thinks the baseball is
Once upon a time, Mary was in a big library. She was searching for a special mystery book. This book was written by an author no one knew. The book was kept in a special box. But oh no! The box was locked. Mary thinks the case is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Fred. He loved taking care of his horses. One day, Fred saw a big, heavy hay bale. It was all dry. "Oh, this will be perfect food for my horses," Fred thought. Fred thinks the hay bale is
Once upon a time, at a big science fair, there was a little girl named Yara. She was standing next to her special project, an oxygen machine. Yara was excited to show everyone how her machine, which was not turned on yet, could make oxygen. Yara thinks the oxygen machine is
Once upon a time, little Ethan was in a big museum. He saw a cool Viking shield on the wall. Ethan wanted to draw the shield for his school project. Ethan thinks the shield is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Fred. He was at the beach, looking for pretty shells. Fred found a very special shell that he wanted to show his friends. It was a lovely blue shell. Fred thinks the shell is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Yara was busy. She was making a fun video for her friends. She wanted to share her lovely dolls with them. All her dolls were dressed in bright, happy colors. Yara thinks the dolls are
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Rita. She was in a big library at her school, getting ready for her tests. Rita had a clean, new notebook for her study notes. The notebook was so new, it was still hard to open! Rita thinks the notebook is
Once upon a time, at Yara's fun birthday party, they were playing a game. The game was called pin the tail on the donkey. Yara really wanted to win by hitting the right spot on the donkey. The donkey poster was all clean and ready for the game. Yara thinks the donkey poster is
Once upon a time, in his big backyard, Ken was busy looking after his lovely plants. He had a special cactus, sitting in a pot full of dirt, that he wanted to share with his friend. This cactus was very pretty and part of Ken's special collection. Ken thinks the cactus pot is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Harry. He was at the river, all set for a day filled with joy. Harry was excited to sit in his big kayak. The kayak was tied up at the dock, waiting for him. Harry thinks the kayak is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Will was getting ready for a fun camping trip. He was packing his backpack and wanted to put his bright, shiny flashlight inside. His flashlight was working just right, ready to light up the night. Will thinks the flashlight is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Harry. He loved to play with his bouncy basketball. One sunny day, Harry decided he wanted to toss his ball into the big, empty basket. Harry thinks the basket is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, Tina was busy. She was giving food to the chickens. One chicken was scared. Tina had some corn for it. The door to the chicken house was wide open. Tina thinks the chicken coop door is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Nia was getting all set for a fun singing game on her computer. She was very excited to use her shiny new microphone. The microphone was waiting for her, tucked away in a box on her desk. Nia thinks the microphone is
Once upon a time, little Val was at her grandma's house. They were having fun baking together. Val was trying to make a yummy apple pie. The pie crust she made was as smooth as a pancake. Val thinks the pie crust is
