Once upon a time, in a bright, cheery kitchen, there was a boy named Tim. He was all set to make a yummy lunch. He decided to make a big bowl of squiggly pasta. The pasta box was filled to the top. Tim thought the pasta box was full. Suddenly, a little birdie swooshed right into the kitchen, coming from the window that was wide open. Tim sees the bird. Tim thinks the pasta box is
Once upon a time, in a lovely garden, Molly was busy. She was making a home for the birds! She had a big pile of wood to use. But oh dear, the wood was very bumpy and scratchy. Molly thought the lumber was rough. In the sunny garden, a colorful kite danced with the wind. Suddenly, it got tangled up in a tall tree. Molly sees the kite. Molly thinks the lumber is
Once upon a time, Rob went to a toy store. He was looking for a special gift. He saw a box full of toy cars. One of them was a super cool car. Rob wanted to buy that car. Rob thought the package was full of toy cars. In a room filled with laughter and play, a little one's toy slipped from their tiny hands, tumbling down to the floor with a soft thud. Rob sees the child drop the toy. Rob thinks the package is
Once upon a time, at a fun circus, Henry was watching a funny clown. Henry wished for the clown's special name writing. The clown was in the big, colorful tent. Henry thought the clown was in the big top. Near the place where they sell yummy hot dogs, a funny juggler began to show his tricks. Henry sees the juggler. Henry thinks the clown is
Once upon a time, in a sunny park, little Yara was all set to play a fun game of baseball. She had a baseball, but it was all dirty! Yara decided to put her dirty baseball in her bag. Yara thought the baseball was dirty. Suddenly, a colorful frisbee plopped down right next to Yara, making her giggle with surprise. Yara sees the frisbee. Yara thinks the baseball is
Once upon a time, Mary was in a big library. She was searching for a special mystery book. This book was written by an author no one knew. The book was kept in a special box. But oh no! The box was locked. Mary thought the case was locked. In the quiet library, the little light bulb suddenly stopped shining. Mary sees the light go out. Mary thinks the case is
Once upon a time, on a big ranch, there was a man named Fred. He loved taking care of his horses. One day, Fred saw a big, heavy hay bale. It was all dry. "Oh, this will be perfect food for my horses," Fred thought. Fred thought the hay bale was big and heavy. In the big, sunny ranch, a noisy tractor chugged along, its wheels leaving tracks in the soft dirt. Fred sees the tractor. Fred thinks the hay bale is
Once upon a time, at a big science fair, there was a little girl named Yara. She was standing next to her special project, an oxygen machine. Yara was excited to show everyone how her machine, which was not turned on yet, could make oxygen. Yara thought the oxygen machine was off. Suddenly, a loud "pop!" echoed from the stall next door. A balloon had burst, making a surprising noise. Yara hears the balloon pop. Yara thinks the oxygen machine is
Once upon a time, little Ethan was in a big museum. He saw a cool Viking shield on the wall. Ethan wanted to draw the shield for his school project. Ethan thought the shield was hanging on the wall. In a little mishap, a curious kiddo bumped into a sign and down it tumbled! Ethan sees the child knock over the sign. Ethan thinks the shield is
Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Fred. He was at the beach, looking for pretty shells. Fred found a very special shell that he wanted to show his friends. It was a lovely blue shell. Fred thought the shell was blue. Fred was playing when a colorful beach ball started to roll towards him. Fred sees the beach ball. Fred thinks the shell is
Once upon a time, in her cozy little room, Yara was busy. She was making a fun video for her friends. She wanted to share her lovely dolls with them. All her dolls were dressed in bright, happy colors. Yara thought the dolls were in bright colors. In the middle of the room, a little toy car was having a fun adventure, rolling all by itself across the big, wide floor. Yara sees the toy car. Yara thinks the dolls are
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Rita. She was in a big library at her school, getting ready for her tests. Rita had a clean, new notebook for her study notes. The notebook was so new, it was still hard to open! Rita thought the notebook was new and stiff. In the quiet library, a little book tumbled down from its high shelf. Rita hears the book fall. Rita thinks the notebook is
Once upon a time, at Yara's fun birthday party, they were playing a game. The game was called pin the tail on the donkey. Yara really wanted to win by hitting the right spot on the donkey. The donkey poster was all clean and ready for the game. Yara thought the donkey poster was clean. Suddenly, with a loud "POP!", the balloon burst into nothing. Yara hears the balloon pop. Yara thinks the donkey poster is
Once upon a time, in his big backyard, Ken was busy looking after his lovely plants. He had a special cactus, sitting in a pot full of dirt, that he wanted to share with his friend. This cactus was very pretty and part of Ken's special collection. Ken thought the cactus pot was full of soil. In the sunny backyard, a colorful kite gently floated down from the sky and landed softly on the green grass. Ken sees the kite. Ken thinks the cactus pot is
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Harry. He was at the river, all set for a day filled with joy. Harry was excited to sit in his big kayak. The kayak was tied up at the dock, waiting for him. Harry thought the kayak was tied to the dock. Suddenly, a colorful frisbee plopped down right next to Harry's little shoes. Harry sees the frisbee. Harry thinks the kayak is
Once upon a time, in his cozy little room, Will was getting ready for a fun camping trip. He was packing his backpack and wanted to put his bright, shiny flashlight inside. His flashlight was working just right, ready to light up the night. Will thought the flashlight was working well. Suddenly, with a little hop and a skip, a playful ball bounced its way into the room, ready for some fun. Will sees the ball. Will thinks the flashlight is
Once upon a time, in a big, green park, there was a little boy named Harry. He loved to play with his bouncy basketball. One sunny day, Harry decided he wanted to toss his ball into the big, empty basket. Harry thought the basket was empty. In the big, blue sky above the basketball court, a colorful kite danced and twirled. Harry sees the kite. Harry thinks the basket is
Once upon a time, on a sunny farm, Tina was busy. She was giving food to the chickens. One chicken was scared. Tina had some corn for it. The door to the chicken house was wide open. Tina thought the chicken coop door was open. In the far-off fields, a big, noisy tractor was chugging along, leaving a trail of dust behind. Tina sees the tractor. Tina thinks the chicken coop door is
Once upon a time, in a bright, cozy room, little Nia was getting all set for a fun singing game on her computer. She was very excited to use her shiny new microphone. The microphone was waiting for her, tucked away in a box on her desk. Nia thought the microphone was in the box. Suddenly, all the lights in the little house went off, making everything quiet and dark. Nia notices the lights go out. Nia thinks the microphone is
Once upon a time, little Val was at her grandma's house. They were having fun baking together. Val was trying to make a yummy apple pie. The pie crust she made was as smooth as a pancake. Val thought the pie crust was smooth. Suddenly, there was a friendly ding-dong! The doorbell was ringing. Val hears the doorbell ring. Val thinks the pie crust is
