Once upon a time, there was a girl named Noor. Noor worked at a busy coffee shop. Noor wanted to make a special coffee for someone. Noor got a jar of milk and put oat milk in it. Noor wanted to make coffee with almond milk. Then, a pretty cup fell from a shelf. Noor will
One sunny day, a little girl named Zara went to see some pretty pictures at a fancy place in her town. Zara really liked one picture that looked all mixed up and colorful. She read a sign next to the picture that said a very famous artist made it. Zara looked at the picture for a long time and thought it was really cool.  While Zara was looking at the picture, someone accidentally spilled some water on the floor. Zara saw the water go splish-splash and it made a big mess. Zara watched the water and wondered what would happen next.  Now it's time to make the story even simpler for a 3-year-old child:  Zara went to a place with pretty pictures. She liked one picture a lot. It had lots of colors and looked mixed up. The sign said a famous person made it. Zara looked at the picture for a long time and thought it was cool.  Then, someone spilled water. It made a big mess. Zara watched the water and wondered what would happen next. Zara will
Once upon a time, in a little place, there was a farmer named Carlos. Carlos had a field with lots of corn. Last night, Carlos closed the door to the water. Today, Carlos saw some big birds in his field. Carlos will
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Harry. Harry was in his house on a cold day. Harry wanted to make his house warm, so he decided to make a fire in the fireplace. Harry saw that there was wood in the fireplace ready for a fire. Then, a bird flew into Harry's window. Harry saw the bird fly into the window. Harry will
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Emily. She went to a cool island for a fun day. Emily wanted to tie her boat to a big tree by the beach. The tree was very strong and big. Emily saw a big fish jump out of the water near her boat. It was so cool! Emily will
Once upon a time, Lisa went to a big party with her friends. Lisa had her violin in a shiny box. At the party, there was a funny person who made animals out of balloons. Lisa saw the funny person making the balloon animals. Lisa will
Billy was playing with his toy cars. He wanted to have a race with his cars starting from his toy gun. The gun was standing up on the floor. Billy's mom called him for lunch. He heard his mom calling him. Billy will
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Gina. Gina had a white ball. Gina wanted to play catch with her dog. Gina's ball was clean and white. A pretty bug landed on Gina's hand. Gina saw the bug on her hand. Gina will
Once upon a time, at a big party, Dino was with his friends. Dino wanted to share a big, flat cake with his friends. The cake was on a tall table. A big balloon went pop and made a loud noise. Dino heard the big balloon go pop. Dino will
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Wanda. She had a big book that she loved. Wanda wanted to put a pretty sticker on her favorite page. The sticker was new and sticky. Wanda saw her cat jump on her bed. Wanda will
Felix was at a big race. He wanted to start his fast car. His car keys were in his pocket. He saw a pretty bird land on the fence. Felix will
Once there was a pretty garden with lots of flowers. In the garden, there was a big red rose. It was so beautiful! There was also a butterfly. The butterfly flew and landed on a sunflower. Violet will
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Kyle. He had a red kite. Kyle wanted to fly his kite in the sky. Kyle saw that his kite was dry and ready to fly. A little bird landed on a tree near Kyle. Kyle saw the bird land on the tree. Kyle will
Once upon a time, Alice went to a fun park. Alice had a red ball. Alice wanted to play catch with her friends. Alice looked in her bag and saw her red ball. The merry-go-round started playing a happy song. Alice heard the merry-go-round song. Alice will
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Oliver. Oliver was at the beach, making a really big sand castle. He wanted to make it the tallest sand castle ever. While Oliver was building, he saw a bird called a seagull. The seagull landed near Oliver's sand castle. Oliver saw the seagull and said, "Hi, bird! What are you doing here?" The seagull just looked at Oliver. Oliver will
