Once upon a time, there was a person named Noor. Noor worked at a busy coffee shop. One day, someone came to the shop and wanted a yummy coffee with oat milk. Noor went to get the oat milk and put it in a jar. But while Noor wasn't looking, a friend changed the oat milk to almond milk. Noor didn't see this happen. Noor will
Once upon a time, in a small town, there was a little girl named Zara. Zara went to a fancy place with pretty pictures. She really liked one picture that had lots of colors and shapes. Zara read a sign next to the picture that said it was made by a famous artist. But then, a person who worked there made a mistake and changed the sign. The sign said the picture was made by a new artist instead. Zara didn't read the new sign. Zara will
Once upon a time, there was a farmer named Carlos. He took care of a big field with lots of corn plants. Carlos wanted to give water to his plants, so he opened a door that let water from a nearby river come into the field.   But one night, there was a big rain and the river got too full. The water was so much that it opened the door by itself and went into the field. Carlos didn't see the field filled with water because he was sleeping. Carlos will
Once upon a time, there was a house. The house was cold because it was winter. The owner of the house wanted to make it warm. He had wood for a fire in the fireplace. But, a fat cat jumped into the fireplace and pushed out all the wood. The owner didn't see the cat in the fireplace. Harry will
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Emily. She went to a special island for a fun day. Emily saw a big tree near the beach. She thought the tree was strong and safe. But then, a big wind blew and the tree broke. Emily didn't see that the tree was broken. Emily will
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Lisa. She had a special box for her violin. Lisa went to a big party with her friends. While she was away, a little boy opened her box and spilled juice on her violin. But Lisa didn't know the juice was there. Lisa will
Once, there was a boy named Billy. He was playing with his toy cars in his room. Billy had a toy gun too. He wanted to play a game with his cars and use the toy gun as the start line. But then, a big wind came in from the window and knocked over the toy gun. Billy didn't see it fall. Billy will
Gina and her dog were outside. Gina had a white ball. The ball got dirty. Gina didn't see it. Gina will
Once upon a time, there was a big party. Dino was there with his friends. They wanted to eat a big, flat cake. The cake was on a tall table. Suddenly, a small dog jumped on the table and ate the cake. Dino didn't see the dog eat the cake. Dino will
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Wanda. She had a big book that she loved very much. Wanda wanted to put a pretty sticker on one of the pages to show that it was her favorite story. She had a new sticker that was sticky and shiny. But then, her little brother accidentally spilled water on the sticker. Wanda didn't know that the sticker was wet. Wanda will
One sunny day, Felix was at a race. He wanted to start his car and join the race. But oh no! The wind blew his car keys out of his pocket and onto the ground. Felix didn't see the keys on the ground. Felix will
Violet was in a pretty garden with lots of flowers. She wanted to take a picture of a big red rose. The rose looked very nice. But then a squirrel came and ate the rose's petals. Violet didn't see the squirrel eat the petals. Violet will
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Kyle. He had a red kite that he loved to fly. One day, he went to the park with his kite. His kite was all dry and ready to fly. Then, a big cloud came and rain started to fall. The rain made his kite all wet. But Kyle didn't see the rain wet his kite. Kyle will
Once, there was a girl named Alice. Alice loved playing with her red ball more than anything else. Alice's mommy always said that playing with her red ball was so much fun. One day, Alice's mommy said "Let's go to the park and have a great time. You can play with your red ball!" Alice was so excited! She wondered who she could play catch with. As they walked to the park, Alice saw her red ball in her bag. She couldn't wait to start playing. But when they arrived at the park, Alice couldn't find her red ball. It was gone! Alice was sad because she wanted to play catch with her friends. She didn't see a dog run away with her ball. Alice will
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Oliver. Oliver loved playing in the sand at the beach. He made a big sand castle that was very tall. But then, a big wave came and washed his sand castle away. Oliver didn't see the wave take his castle. Oliver will
